Against the Gods





Volume 1 - Red-Colored Calamity





Author: Mars Gravity





Translate: Alyschu

Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

Against the Gods

Prologue

Chapter 1 – Yun Che, Xiao Che

Chapter 2 – Losing Control

Chapter 3 – Marry Me?

Chapter 4 – The Wedding Procession

Chapter 5 – The Wedding Ceremony

Chapter 6 – Peerless Beauty

Chapter 7 – Frozen Cloud Asgard

Chapter 8 – The Wedding Night

Chapter 9 – Wife, Are You Asleep?

Chapter 10 – Star Concealing Grass

Chapter 11 – The Red Haired Girl

Chapter 12 – If You Weren’t My Little Aunt

Chapter 13 – The Dangerous Haze

Chapter 14 – Letter From the Xiao Sect

Chapter 15 – Xiao Yulong’s Probing

Chapter 16 – Young Master Xiao, Looking for Death

Chapter 17 – Would You Believe That I’m a Doctor of Miracles?

Chapter 18 – A Silver Needle to Release the Cold

Chapter 19 – Opening the Profound

Chapter 20 – This is Really Interesting…

Chapter 21 – Sharing the Same Bed

Chapter 22 – Upheaval (1)

Chapter 23 – Upheaval (2)

Chapter 24 – Upheaval (3)

Chapter 25 – Upheaval (4)

Chapter 26 – Upheaval (5)

Chapter 27 – Upheaval (6)

Chapter 28 – Upheaval (7)

Chapter 29 – Upheaval (8)

Chapter 30 – Upheaval (9)

Chapter 31 – Frozen Cloud’s Seven Fairies – Chu Yueli

Chapter 32 – The Ice Fairy Deterrent

Chapter 33 – Star Concealed, For the Hated Blood Sacrifice

Chapter 34 – Star Concealed, for the Hated Blood Sacrifice (2)

Chapter 35 – Birth Secret

Chapter 36 – My Name’s Yun Che

Chapter 37 – Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins

Chapter 38 – Peerless Sage

Chapter 39 – Blood Soaked Jasmine

Chapter 40 – Blood Soaked Jasmine (2)

Chapter 41 – Blood Soaked Jasmine (3)

Chapter 42 – Master Jasmine

Chapter 43 – Master Jasmine (2)

Chapter 44 – Immortal Blood of the Evil God

Chapter 45 – Rebirth of the Profound Veins

Chapter 46 – Evil God’s Seven Realms

Chapter 47 – The Boundary of Life and Death

Chapter 48 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire

Chapter 49 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (2)

Chapter 50 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (3)

Chapter 51 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (4)

Chapter 52 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (5)

Chapter 53 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (6)

Chapter 54 – Jasmine’s Tears

Chapter 55 – A Strength That Opposes the Heavens

Chapter 56 – Star God’s Broken Shadow

Chapter 57 – New Moon City, Black Moon Merchant Guild

Chapter 58 – False Bravado

Chapter 59 – Brother-In-Law?!

Chapter 60 – New Moon Profound Palace, Sikong Han

Chapter 61 – Joining New Moon Profound Palace

Chapter 62 – Lan Xuero

Chapter 63 – Main Palace

Chapter 64 – The Battle That Shook the City

Chapter 65 – The Battle That Shook the City (2)

Chapter 66 – The Battle That Shook the City (3)

Chapter 67 – The Battle That Shook the City (4)

Chapter 68 – The Battle That Shook the City (5)

Chapter 69 – The Battle That Shook the City (6)

Chapter 70 – The Battle That Shook the City (7)

Chapter 71 – The Battle That Shook the City (8)

Chapter 72 – The Battle That Shook the City (9)

Chapter 73 – Clashing with Lu Zhannan

Chapter 74 – Burst!

Chapter 75 – Xiao Luocheng

Chapter 76 – I’ll Destroy You First!

Chapter 77 – Falling Moon Sinking Star

Chapter 78 – Crippled!

Chapter 79 – Qin Wuyou

Chapter 80 – Yun Che’s Intentions

Chapter 81 – Xiao Sect’s Visit

Chapter 82 – Catastrophic Disaster

Chapter 83 – A Period of Ten Days

Chapter 84 – The Only Possibility….

Chapter 85 – It’s Impolite to Not Return a Favor

Chapter 86 – Unrivaled Genius Doctor

Chapter 87 – Quite The Coincidence!

Chapter 88 – One Finger Profound Opening

Chapter 89 – The Eccentric God Hand

Chapter 90 – Heaven Piercing Medical Prowess

Chapter 91 – Good Grandson, You Truly Are My Good Grandson

Chapter 92 – The Sect’s Treasury

Chapter 93 – Tiger Soul

Chapter 94 – Extortion

Chapter 95 – Poison Fire Rod

Chapter 96 – Escape (1)

Chapter 97 – Escape (2)

Chapter 98 – Escape (3)

Chapter 99 – A Game of Life and Death

Chapter 100 – The Fall





Prologue


On Divine Secret Mountain, Cloud’s End Cliff was the most harmful of the four deadliest places on Azure Cloud Continent. Cloud’s End Cliff was often called the Grim Reaper’s cemetery. During the countless years, people that fall off this cliff were far too many to count; none survived, including three God-tier overlords whose power could lead them into the sky.

At this moment, on the edge of this cliff, a black haired black eyed youth leaned on the side of a rock that measured two people in height. There was blood everywhere on top of his black clothing with many open wounds on his person. He was on the rock for just a few breaths worth of time yet under his feet was already a pool of blood.

His chest heaved and it could be said that the pace at which he breathed was heavy enough to cause fear in a person. On his entire body, every one of his muscles trembled slightly indicating his exhaust and loss of strength. If it weren’t for this giant rock, he probably would not even be able to stand on his own. However, both of his eyes were cold and calm like two cold blades, shining with the ferocity of wolves. The edge of his mouth sneered with extreme disdain.

In front of him stood a dark crowd of people that have blocked all his escape routes.

“Yun Che, You’re cornered! If you obey us and hand over the Sky Poison Pearl, perhaps we may allow you to live!”

“Today we’re going to enforce justice on behalf of heaven to get rid of this scourge! If you hurry up and quickly surrender the Sky Poison Pearl we can let you die a happy death or you will taste the pain of a thousand blades in your heart.”

“Yun Che! Stop being so stubborn, your only way out is to hand over the Sky Poison Pearl! You’re unworthy of such holy object.”

Waves of roar came from the crowd, with everyone there shouting words like justice and righteousness. If anyone from the Azure Cloud Continent passed by, they would be stunned by this scene. This dark crowd of people consisted of the strongest clans of the Azure Cloud Continent. The leaders of the clans were all present, and even some of the forgotten old members were there as well. It is not too far-fetched to say that if you pick anyone out from this crowd, he would be someone that can shake any region.

Now, they were all gathered for this youth who has been pushed to the edge of this cliff. Specifically, for the Sky Poison Pearl in his hand — the number one holy object of Azure Cloud Continent.

While slowly approaching, the crowd shouted with threatening menace. When the Sky Poison Pearl finally showed up again, they were faced with this irresistible treasure once more. After hunting for three full days, they could not wait to harvest the fruits of their labor.

“You guys… want this… Sky Poison Pearl?”

Yun Che laughed coldly. As he slowly raised his right hand, a jade green ball with a dim radiance appeared in his hand. The moment this pearl glowed, everyone stopped in their tracks. Staring tightly at the green pearl, their eyes shone with greed.

To Yun Che, these people who are strong enough to scare the world looked filthy and sly. He slowly raised his eyes. Although cornered, his pupils shone with arrogance and mockery. There is clear hatred deep in his eyes: “ My master spent his life trying to save the world; he saved countless people seeking neither benefit nor fame but because of this Sky Poison Pearl, you guys from the so-called Justice Sect killed my teacher seven years ago.”

“I hate… Hate myself for being so useless. That I didn’t finish all of you dog shit Justice Sects off in these seven years!”

Every word of his contained deep-seated hatred. Although it has been seven years, just thinking about the death of his teacher still made bloody tears stream down the edge of his eyes.

Yun Che did not know who his parents were for when his teacher found him, it seemed like he was only a few days old. It was deep in the spring time when his teacher picked up Yun Che. The clouds were scattered, the wind was light, the mountain spiritual, and the water crystal clear. He named the child Yun Che, in hope his heart would be as pure as clouds and as clear as water; so that when he grows up, he will inherit his craft as a healer to rescue the dying and cure the injured with a heart void of corruption.

No matter how serious the disease or trauma, Teacher could clear them all. This was due to the Sky Poison Pearl hidden in his body. The two words “Sky Poison” meant that this pearl was highly toxic, but medicine and poison are of the same origin. Teacher never used it’s poison; he only used alchemy to extract, melt and in the end produce holy medicines to save millions of lives. He taught all his medical skills to Yun Che thoroughly but seven years ago, word of his Sky Poison Pearl was spread. He gave it to Yun Che and told him to escape. Shortly afterwards, he died at the hands of the major sects.

When news of his teacher’s death reached Yun Che he cried for three days and three nights. The root of hatred was firmly planted inside his heart and he no longer practiced in the medical but instead he absorbed poison from the pearl. Revenge became his only belief. After seven years he mastered the poison and bared the fangs of revenge. In less than ten days the poison spread not only thousands of miles, killing countless people, but also panic and horror throughout the Azure Cloud Continent. It attracted the strong and mighty for they were fascinated by this treasure. This started the hunt of Yun Che in order to obtain the Sky Poison Pearl, to the situation right now.

He glared at everyone in his field of vision with hatred in his eyes and laughed coldly. As soon as his laughter reached the level of ice, he roared: “You son of a bitches, you want my Sky Poison Pearl… You. Are. All. Daydreaming!!”

After making this deep proclamation, Yun Che suddenly raised his hand and threw the Sky Poison Pearl in his mouth. He then pushed the pearl down his throat and it instantly rushed straight into his stomach.

“What…. What are you doing!”

“He actually… swallowed the Sky Poison Pearl!”

“Yun Che! Do you want to die that badly!”

“It’s fine, no big deal, we will kill him and take the pearl!”

The Sky Poison Pearl entered his body, but the poison didn’t spread out in his body and kill him like they thought it would. A faint green light emitted from the surface of his body.

“Kill him now! Otherwise the Sky Poison Pearl may change inside his body. That would be a huge problem!”

Roaring, a dozen people in the front row went for Yun Che at the same time. Looking at the bodies of people that he wanted to destroy, Yun Che began to laugh. His laughter was weak and dry but still very arrogant: “I don’t have the ability to kill you guys, but don’t think that you can kill me! You pieces of trash are not worthy of this Sky Poison Pearl, but even more unworthy of killing me. If I die, I would die by my own hands! Ha ha ha ha…”

After laughing Yun Che used every bit of his last strength to jump backwards.

“Stop him!!!”

Several hands reached out to Yun Che after realizing his intent but could not even grasp half his shadow. They could only watch as his body free felled down into the valley.

Cloud’s End Cliff, it is very suitable for this I, Yun Che’s grave…… (TL: Yun = Cloud)

There is nothing to hold me back for I no longer have ties in this world. Unfortunately… I could not avenge my teacher… nor find my biological parents.

Yun Che gently held the silver pendant in front of his chest. It was the only thing he had on him when his teacher found him. The wind screamed past his ears as he slowly closed his eyes and let his body plunge deep into the seemingly endless dark abyss.





Chapter 1 – Yun Che, Xiao Che


Yun Che’s consciousness gradually awakened.

What’s going on… How is it that I have not died? I vividly remember that I jumped off Cloud’s End cliff, how can I still be alive! Somehow my body is not in pain… And I do not even feel the slightest discomfort? How is this happening?

Yun Che suddenly opened his eyes and quickly sat up. He found himself in a comfortably soft bed, with a red banner hanging above him, rendering a festive atmosphere.

“Ah! Xiao Che! You… You woke up!”

A girl’s gasp of surprise was heard from his ear and the same girl appeared in his line of sight.

At a glance the girl dressed in green looked to be 15 or 16 years of age. She was as fair as snow with charming rosy lips and a delicate nose. A touching look of deep surprise was expressed by eyes as clear and transparent as a pool of translucent spring water. Her face exuded a dazzling gentleness and softness. At this young age, she already exhibited such charm, who can possibly imagine what sort of beauty she would be in the future.

Staring at the nearby girl, Yun Che took a closer look and unconsciously let two words escape his lips: “Little Aunt?”

The fair girl lifted her jade-like hands onto Yun Che’s forehead and relaxed soon after. With a joyful expression, she spoke: “How delightful; your temperature is almost back to normal. You nearly scared me to death. Xiao Che, are you okay? Tell me if you feel uncomfortable anywhere.”

In the face of the girl’s eyes that filled with deep concern, Yun Che woodenly shook his head. He stared openly into space with a vacant gaze.

“Rest here for a while, I’ll go and tell your grandpa that you’re awake. Today is your day! When you fainted, your grandfather almost went crazy and personally went to find Dr. Seto for you.”

The girl was in such a rush that she did not notice the abnormality of Yun Che’s current state. She pushed Yun Che’s shoulders, signaling him to lie back on the bed and hurriedly left.

As the door shut Yun Che sat up on the bed, hands clutching his head.

This was one of the cities in the far east located in one of the Seven Empires of the Profound Sky Continent — Floating Cloud City. And he was the only grandson of the fifth Elder in the Xiao clan — Xiao Che! He had just turned sixteen this year.

That was his current identity.

Suddenly, his memory overlapped with Azure Cloud Continent’s 20 or so years of memory and he burst into confusion.

If I am Xiao Che… Then why do I have memories of Azure Cloud Continent?

Is it because I traveled to this body after I died in Azure Cloud Continent?

No! I am obviously Xiao Che! This entire room is familiar to me and I clearly remember all the events of my childhood. Everything from my memory was from personal experience and there is no way I would steal another’s memory!

Then was everything from Azure Cloud Continent all just a dream? Was it only after I jumped off Cloud’s End cliff that I truly woke up?

But the memories of living in Azure Cloud Continent were as clear as day.. How could those twenty-four years of love and hatred be only just a dream!

What the hell is going on?

Yun Che… The now Xiao Che stilled for a long time as he slowly calmed down and settled his thoughts.

It was still early in the morning and the sky has not fully brightened. Today was his and Xia Clan’s big wedding day. Two hours ago he was woken up by his Little Aunt and put on his red wedding robe. He ate the porridge his Little Aunt personally made and lost all the strength in his body. He did not remember anything that happened after that.

He did not wake up until now.

A strange smell came from his lips and Xiao Che’s lips tucked slightly. His expression darkened.

This is….. Murdering Heart Powder!!

In those years that he lived on Azure Cloud Continent, with the Sky Poison Pearl in his body, Yun Che learned about all the poisons present in the entire world and it could be said that there is no poison he was not familiar with. He could identify a poison’s name and effect with just a whiff. At the same time, because the Sky Poison Pearl, he was impervious. He could not be hurt by any poison, no matter how toxic it was.

Murdering Heart Powder was made by combining a unique soul grass and the purple striae from a cherry-apple tree. If dissolved in water, the poison is colorless and tasteless. A person would lose his life ten seconds after the poison entered the body and nobody would know the cause of death for it was also a traceless poison.

Xiao Che’s eyes clouded over and instantly understood what had happened.

In fact, he did not really faint but instead he drank the porridge containing the Murdering Heart Powder, but was poisoned to death! He was born in Azure Cloud Continent but after he lept off Cloud’s End cliff…. he was actually reincarnated in this world inside a dead body!

If one were to hear this, it would sound like it came from one of the stories in Arabian Nights but that was the only reasoning Xiao Che could imagine!

Wait a minute…. if it really was like that, then this body should have no antitoxin ability. How come he was safe from the Murdering Heart Powder on his lips when the previous body’s owner died not too long ago?

A slightly strange feeling came from the palm of his left hand. Xiao Che lifted his left hand and was surprised to find that there was a circular green imprint on his palm.

This shape, this color, this size…. was clearly the same as the Sky Poison Pearl!

Before jumping off Cloud’s End cliff, he had desperately swallowed the Sky Poison Pearl but he did not actually know what would happen to him. This mark on his hand was unexpectedly the Sky Poison Pearl and it actually crossed over with him to this world!

As if in a trance, Xiao Che stared at the Sky Poison Pearl and subconsciously whispered. “Sky Poison Pearl….”

As his voice dropped off, the green mark on his palm suddenly released a green light. Immediately, a slight dizziness came over him and he unconsciously closed his eyes. When he opened them, his entire world was flooded in green.

This world of green was wide and open. There were no boundaries to be seen and there was a faint scent of the Sky Poison Pearl throughout this space. After a long daze, Xiao Che understood, that he had entered the world inside the Sky Poison Pearl.

Who would have thought that inside the Sky Poison Pearl, there would be such a wide and open world! What was even more unimaginable was that after he’d ate the Sky Poison Pearl without thinking of the consequences, the Sky Poison Pearl had actually traveled along with him, and even seemed to have become a part of his body.

If there was a way in, there must be a way out.

Xiao Che closed his eyes, and concentrated his thoughts. Suddenly, the world of green hastily dissipated, and when he opened his eyes again, in his vision, was the room he was familiar with.

Staring at the faint green mark in his palm, Xiao Che slowly smiled… Even though it was not known why this ridiculous event occurred, not only had he reincarnated, but also retained memories from both lives. Maybe, even the gods couldn’t watch the suffering of the two lives, took pity, and gave him a chance to live again!

Yun Che was the victim of persecution from Azure Cloud Continent’s countless strongest individuals. Although he died in the end, he shook the world by himself; how awe-inspiring and astonishing was that! However, his body right now, was only average…… no, speaking without restraints, it could be considered the epitome of weakness.

In Profound Sky Continent, profound strength was most important. Although Xiao Che was born in the Xiao Clan, and was even the grandchild of the strongest Fifth Elder Xiao Lie, his profound power was still at level one in the elementary profound realm, even though he is already sixteen. He started training his spirit power when he was seven and half, entered Elementary Profound level one at the age of eight, and then didn’t improve for an entire eight years. He was mocked by all of the Xiao Clan. Afterwards, Xiao Lie invited Floating Cloud City’s top class doctor Dr. Seto to examine his body, and shockingly found that Xiao Che was born with damaged profound veins. The damage was so severe that it was almost impossible to recover from. In this state, Xiao Che would stagnate at first level of the Elementary Profound Realm, and could never improve further no matter how hard he worked.

Even if he trained with his life on the line, he would stay at first level of the Elementary Profound Realm his entire life. This kind of person was unquestionably the lowest existence in the Profound Sky Continent, and was a total laughingstock within the Xiao Clan. If not for for his grandfather Xiao Lie being the strongest in the Xiao Clan, who also could even be said to be the strongest in the Floating Cloud City, no one would bat an eye against him.

Xiao Clan was one of the three major families that trained in the ways of the Profound in the Floating Cloud City, and has limitless strong entities. In the large number of youths coming forth from the same generation, Xiao Che can be said to be an unnecessary existence. Even if he died some day, not many except a few would care. But there were some today that actually tried to murder him using the extremely hard to get and expensive Murdering Heart Powder. Xiao Che clearly knew the reason why now.

Because today was the wedding day between him and Xia Qingyue.

Xia Qingyue being the same age as him, was also sixteen. However, at such a young age, her profound strength was stated to have reached the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm, almost breaking out of the elementary level and stepping into the Nascent Profound Realm. She was the only one in a hundred years that has reached this level of profound strength at the age of sixteen in the Xia clan. There are even rumors that, if she continued to develop this way, a few decades later she would be the first person in the history of the Xia clan to ever step into the Earth Profound Realm…… or may even be able to reach the Sky Profound Realm that no one in Floating Cloud City had even thought of reaching in the past few centuries!

More importantly, she was not only shockingly astute, but also extremely beautiful, and was considered to be the most beautiful girl by the entire Floating Cloud City. All of Floating Cloud City’s youths with some level of competency drooled over her. If the Xia clan started to look for grooms, the line waiting would probably be long enough to stretch between the south and north gates of Floating Cloud City.

This pinnacle of a girl with both intelligence and beauty in the Floating Cloud City, was actually marrying the generation’s most worthless youth with no future at all. Who knew how many people were stomping their feets in anger and jealousy…… This was wholly a case of a dazzling lotus flower planted on a pile of manure that no one would even bother to look at.

The ones that had unrequited love for Xia Qingyue of course held both extreme jealousy and hatred towards Xiao Che. Even more were unwilling to give up…… and would try to assassinate him by poison. As the current Xiao Che thought about it, this situation didn’t seem to be bizarre at all.

“Women are really the root of troubles.” Xiao Che got off the bed, stood up, and soliloquized. But as he thought of the beauty and charm of Xia Qingyue that could tip over a whole city, he opened his mouth and laughed heartily: “Still, I get to marry such a bride, this really was a good beginning.”





Chapter 2 – Losing Control


At this time, he was wearing a red wedding robe in a room plastered everywhere with “double happiness” red cloth. Last night, his grandfather Xiao Lie and his aunt Xiao Lingxi personally arranged this handiwork. His bedroom had been transformed into a wedding room.

Suddenly, the door opened and an ethereal figure hastily came in. Xiao Che immediately stood up and smiled: “Aunt, is grandfather back?”

Xiao Lingxi was Xiao Lie’s daughter from when he was middle-aged. Although she was Xiao Che’s aunt, she had only turned 15 this year and was one year younger than Xiao Che. She was still quite young but her beauty was already charmingly touching. Her profound strength level was at the early sixth level of the Elementary Profound Realm but even though she is not on par with Xia Qingyue if compared, her spirit level wasn’t that bad since she was an important asset to the Xiao Clan and was held in high regard.

“Oh, Che’er, you have finally woken up.”

A gentle voice spread across the room as Xiao Lie entered. Seeing Xiao Che already out of bed with a normal complexion, Xiao Lie relaxed a bit. Behind him followed his housekeeper Xiao Hong and the number one doctor in Floating Cloud City — Dr. Seto.

“It’s good that you have woken up and you do not look ill anymore but let Dr. Seto examine you. Today is your wedding day and we cannot have the slightest error. Dr. Seto, please go ahead.” Xiao Lie stepped aside during his speech.

Dr. Seto put his medicine chest onto the table and sat in front of Xiao Che, lifting his hands to finger the pulse on Xiao Che’s wrist. After a while, he took his hands off Xiao Che.

“Dr. Seto, how is Xiao Che’s condition? Is it serious?” Xiao Lingxi asked worriedly, with fearful nervousness etched on her face.

Although he did not speak, Xiao Lie appeared solemn and had a fierce look on his face…. How could he not be aware that Xiao Che’s sudden collapse was strange.

Dr. Seto’s face slowly lit up and eased into a smile: “ Elder Xiao you do not need to worry, your grandson’s physical condition is excellent. He has no major ailments or even the slightest cold. Perhaps your grandson fainted because he was so nervous and excited that his blood rushed to his head. After all your grandson is marrying Xia Clan’s daughter, the number one beauty in Floating Cloud City. Ha ha ha.”

Although Dr. Seto tried to conceal his contempt, his words revealed his regret. A talented woman marrying a useless good for nothing with no future was truly hard for someone to accept.

“That’s great news.” Xiao Lie sighed in relief and nodded in thought: “It must be hard on Dr. Seto to be pulled over so early in the morning. Hong, escort Dr. Seto to the living room to rest.”

“It’s fine” Dr. Seto replied with a wave of his hand and lifted his medicine chest: “Since your grandson is alright, I will take my leave. Congratulations to Elder Xiao on meeting Floating Cloud City’s most outstanding grand daughter-in-law. I do not know how many people must envy you right now. Ha ha. Farewell.”

“You must remember to come to the wedding for a drink. Hong, escort Dr. Seto out.”

“Che’er, are you really alright? Do you feel unwell anywhere?” Xiao Lie was still not assured after Dr. Seto left and scowled in thought. When Xiao Che suddenly collapsed, his temperature dropped and his vitality faded away. This cannot only be a result of being too excited. Looking at Xiao Che’s present healthy condition, he indeed looks fine right now but Xiao Lie still could not shake off that small doubt deep in his heart.

“I really am alright grandfather, you can rest assured.” Xiao Che said with an easy expression. His nose could not help but suddenly sour as he looked at Xiao Lie and he see a worried face with a head full of white hair.

The Xiao clan consists of five elders and although Xiao Lie was the 5th Elder, he was the strongest in the clan. Five years ago he entered the border of the Spirit Profound Realm’s tenth level. He was now at the peak of the Spirit Profound Realm’s tenth level and has an opportunity to break past the Profound Realm, a level that countless people dream of.

Xiao Lie was only fifty-five years old this year with the strength of the tenth level in Profound Spirit Realm, but all his hair had already turned white. Every time Xiao Che saw this head full of white hair, his heart became bitter at the sight.

The reason why Xiao Lie had white hair since his middle-age years was known to all the people living in Floating Cloud City. His only son, the father of Xiao Che, Xiao Ying was called the number one genius of Floating Cloud City. At the age of seventeen, he broke into the Nascent Profound Realm. At twenty, he reached the 5th level of the Nascent Profound Realm. At twenty three he broke through the Nascent Profound Realm and entered the True Profound Realm, shocking all people of Floating Cloud City. He became the Xiao Clan’s pride, as well as Xiao Lie’s pride and joy. Almost everybody believed that when Xiao Ying became middle-aged, he would be the best candidate qualified to inherit the leadership of the Xiao Clan.

Unfortunately, perhaps god was jealous of the elite for there was an assassination attempt on Xiao Ying’s life only a month after Xiao Che was born. A few days before that, Xiao Ying also saved the life of Xia clan’s daughter. After this rescue, Xiao Ying only could fend off the assassins with half his usual strength and drew his final breath. His wife’s heart broke in grief for the loss of her love and went to meet him soon after. Xiao Lie’s hair became white overnight due to the heavy blow of losing his son. Nine months later, Xiao Lingxi was born. Her mother also suffered from the tortured pain of losing her only son and died of depression a month later.

Nobody knew how Xiao Lie lived his life the years after both his son and wife passed away. His pale white hair contained immeasurable grief, hatred and a deep unspeakable sorrow.

To this day, Xiao Lie still has not found his son’s murderer.

Later on, he put all his hopes and wishes onto Xiao Che… But the brutal truth of him being born with a damaged Profound Vein entered and left his life out of the blue like a bolt of lightning.

However, facing his hopeless grandson, Xiao Lie never showed any signs of disappointment nor fury. In his point of view, being born with a broken Profound Vein meant that fate had been unfair and that he should not be condemned because such injustice. He should not be indifferent or ridicule Xiao Che but instead should love him more for to compensate for it. Over the years, he has always been seeking any possible ways to repair a damaged Profound Vein. However, the Profound Vein is the lifeline of one’s Profound strength, how can it be easily repaired?

Although Xiao Che was ignored by others and was faced by the mocking eyes of others growing up, he still felt lucky to have such a grandfather.

Looking at Xiao Lie’s piercing white hair, Xiao Che’s eyes gradually sharpened… Since the gods gave me this second chance and let me have both my memories, even if it is to only comfort my grandfather, I have to live vigorously! So what if my Profound Vein is broken! I am a medical saint’s successor; as long as I find the right medicine, in a short span of three weeks, I could fully restore my Profound Vein back to normal.

“You’re alright; that’s wonderful to hear.” Watching him, Xiao Lie was finally rest assured. Glancing at the brightening sky he spoke: “Che Er, the hour is nigh. Go make your preparations while I go arrange the wedding team… Oh right, do you want to ride horseback or sit in the carriage?”

If he was yesterday’s Xiao Che he would definitely have answered “the carriage”. Although he was the only grandson of an Elder, without that status, he could be called a good for nothing with a world’s difference between him and Xia Qingyue. On his bridal path to the Xia clan, there would be no doubt that he would suffer countless finger pointing but also bear numerous glances of envy and regret. One can imagine what feelings would surface if one met face to face in front of such negative emotion. Xiao Che laughed with a slight smile: “Of course I’m riding on the horse! You do not have to worry about me grandfather, Xia Qingque may be nobility, but she is already fated to be our Xiao family’s daughter-in-law. I will openly wed her home with dignity and honor to not let you lose face.

There was a delay in Xiao Lie’s expression, for he would never have thought that his grandson would say such a thing. His face then broke into a gentle smile and he slowly nodded: “Good.”

With just one word, his deep satisfaction came through. Xiao Lie stepped out of the room and gently closed the door.

As soon as Xiao Lie left, Xiao Lingxi stood in front of Xiao Che and curled her lips. Her face warped in unhappiness she spoke: “So you actually are excited for this marriage and made me worry for you in vain. You obviously have not met Xia Qingyue that many times but you are already fond of her… Oh right, she is our Floating Cloud City’s number one beauty, huh!”

Xiao Che quickly waved his hands back and forth: “How’s that possible! Xia Qingyue is quite beautiful but I think Little Aunt is prettier. If I really fainted because of her, then I would not know how many times I would have fainted in this lifetime because little aunt always accompanies me everyday.

“Hehe… “ Xiao Lingxi‘s face immediately broke into a sweet smile and giggled: “You know just the thing to say to make me happy. It is fine if Xiao Che fainted in his rush to marry her because Xia Qingyue is beautiful as she is talented. The Xia clan is also the wealthiest clan in Floating Cloud City so there is quite a lot of people who dream of marrying her. However, she eventually is about to marry my family’s Xiao Che.”

At this point, Xiao Lingxi wore a proud look on her face. Then her eyes became wistful as her voice gentled: “I feel like this day came so quickly… Xiao Che is already about to be married….”

“Pound-pound,” a knock on the door was followed by the voice of old housekeeper Xiao Hongcang: “Young master, it is almost time to go and meet your bride.”

“Ah…. already?” Xiao Lingxi glanced at Xiao Che’s clothes and suddenly looked anxious: “Uncle Hong wait a little while longer and we will come out right away.”

She walked in front of Xiao Che and a pair of soft hands began to quickly tidy his wedding clothes: “This outfit is quite hard to put on. Your clothes are in a mess because of the events earlier. Stand still, I’ll will finish this right away.”

A pair of snow white delicate hands began to work hurriedly. She flipped his collar back to the proper face and re-fastened his loose belt… her actions were jerky but she took it seriously and paid careful attention to what she did. Xiao Che silently looked at her and his eyes gradually became misty….

Today he was going to marry Xia Qingyue but he knew for sure that Xia Qingyue was not marrying him because she sincerely loved him. If it wasn’t for their fathers; Xiao Xing and Xia Hongyi’s agreement that March, Xia Qingyue would not even have bothered to take a glance in his direction. The only people in this world who were kind to Xiao Che are only his grandfather, Xiao Lie and his Little Aunt, Xiao Lingxi.

During his earliest childhood, Xiao Lingxi stuck to Xiao Che like a piece of candy. She followed him wherever he went. It was hard for him to shake her off. If she did not see him for a while, she would cry loudly. However when Xiao Che turned ten years of age and it was confirmed that his Profound Vein was damaged, Lingxi seemed to grow up overnight. She knew the consequences of having a broken Profound Vein and then understood the concept of her identity as his “little aunt”. This started her regime of training in the ways of the Profound to protect the life of the weaker Xiao Che.

After Azure Cloud Continent’s twenty four years of “dreams”, Xiao Che felt that his time here with Xiao Lingxi’s kindness was as luxurious as it was precious.

Although Xia Qingyue was about to become his wife, she would only be like the sky’s coldest moon; something to only be seen but not touched.

If I marry a girl like Little Aunt, it would be perfect… These kinds of thoughts uncontrollably popped up in Xiao Che’s state of mind.

After completing the complex motions of dressing Xiao Che, Xiao Lingxi let out a sigh of relief. Tippy toeing, she lifted her hand and tousled his hair. With an expression of tender affection clearly printed on her face, her pink lips slightly parted like petals of a flower.

With a supernatural speed, Xiao Che instinctively tilted his head and pressed his mouth against Xiao Lingxi’s lusciously pink lips….





Chapter 3 – Marry Me?


“Ahh!!”

Xiao Lingxi cried out and sprang backwards like a frightened rabbit. Her fingers touched her numb lips as her beautiful eyes widened in surprise and a touch of red quickly spread from her fair face to the nape of her neck: “You… You… You kissed me again!!”

“You have the same reaction as usual.” The innocent Xiao Che had a heartbroken expression on his face: “ When we were younger, we always played your favorite Kiss Kiss game. These days, you go into shock every time I try to kiss you.”

“You-you-you… You knew that was when we were kids!” Xiao Lingxi’s face flushed into the color of a red rose: “We’re now adults and cannot afford to mess around! You… You are soon to have a wife! In the future you can only kiss your wife!”

“Why…”

“Because I’m your aunt!” Xiao Lingxi stomped her foot as she lost her breath.

“Then…. What do I do if I want to kiss you?” Smiling mischievously, Xiao Che put his hand under his chin.

“Then… You should marry me!” Xiao Lingxi turned her nose up in anger.

“Hey! You’re my aunt, how could I possibly marry you….” Xiao Che said with his voice lowered as his eyes widened.

“Even you know that! If you dare steal another kiss, I’ll let your wife know and let her handle you. Hmph hmph! Xiao Lingxi looked at him triumphantly, with her nose in the air.

Xiao Hong’s voice came from outside once again: “ Young master, are you ready? It’s about time to go get the bride.”

“Yes, I’m coming out now.” Xiao Che looked at his current outfit, and got ready to leave. After two steps, Xiao Lingxi grabbed his hand and said with a serious face: “Xiao Che! Before leaving, repeat the promise we made yesterday, word for word, or I won’t let you go.”

Yesterday’s promise? Xiao Che thought for a while and cannot help but say: “Alright…. after entering the marriage with Xia Qingyue, I won’t forget about little aunt just because I have a wife. I’ll spend the same amount of time with little aunt like before, I will listen to little aunt’s calls and would arrive as soon as I’m called just like before….I don’t think I forgot a word.”

“Huehue, what a good boy.” Xiao Lingxi smiled sweetly but did not release Xiao Che’s hand: “However, we will be adding another one today, the one I forgot yesterday…. Although Xia Qingyue is about to become your wife, in your heart she cannot outweigh me! Repeat that right now, hurry hurry hurry!”

Xiao Che gazed at her beautiful eyes and said: “If you kiss me, I will make that promise.”

“Then… marry me?”

“……” Xiao Che was defeated.

“Young master, are you still not ready?” It’s forbidden to be past the “auspicious time”. Xiao Hong’s urgent voice came from outside again.

Xiao Che put his hand on the door but did not push it open yet. He whispered: “I can’t make that promise because in my heart, you are already my number one. Even if there are a hundred Xia Qingyue’s, she cannot catch up to you. You are irreplaceable.”

As his voice faded, he pushed the door open and left.

Xiao Lingxi stood still, frozen in place for a while. An arc formed at the edge of her lips and she joyfully skipped out afterwards, like a girl who was given her favorite candy.

As Xiao Che walked out of the room, his gorgeous wedding team awaited him. Xiao Hong kindly smiled at him: “Young master, please get on the horse. On the way I will be protecting you with everything I have…. But of course, today is young master’s big day. I should not worry that much since there would only be good things that are waiting to happen.”

“Thanks, Grandpa Hong.” Xiao Che smiled at Xiao Hong and got on the horse. A gentle voice suddenly came from his left:

“Looks like I came at the just right time. Is brother Xiao Che going to retrieve his bride now? Felicitations.”

Xiao Che’s eyebrows furrowed slightly at that sound and saw two young men slowly walk to his side. The person who spoke was a twenty year old young man of medium build. He was as handsome as he was elegant. His eyes were crystal clear on top of a refreshing face and he wore a bright smile. At his rear was a thinner younger man. His footsteps followed quickly behind the speaker.

“Watching them, Xiao Che smiled: “Oh it’s brother Yulong and brother Xiao Yang, did you guys especially make this trip here to see me off?”

Xiao Yulong was the son of the leader of the Xiao clan. At the age of twenty, regardless of his appearance, his talent, use of speech and wisdom was at the top of the younger generation in the Xiao clan. His profound strength had reached the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm at the moment. He is his father, Xiao Yunhai’s, pride and joy and is also the future hope of the Xiao clan. The clan had high expectations for him because he would become the next leader if no accidents should occur. He possessed many good qualities but he had never been arrogant. He is one who was kind and polite to everyone. Even towards Xiao Che, who was considered to be disabled in everyone’s eyes. He has never mocked Xiao Che but instead was as gentle as he was polite. Not only that, he frequently expressed signs of concern when faced with Xiao Che’s damaged profound vein problem.

Xiao Che had always liked Yulong. He admired and appreciated Yulong’s kindness…. Of course, those feelings came from the previous Xiao Che.

The identity of the person behind Xiao Yulong was also not that simple. He was not just an ordinary Xiao clan disciple; he was the Second Elder’s youngest grandson, Xiao Yang. At the age of nineteen, he was at the 9th level of the Elementary Profound Realm. Ever since he was a child, he always followed Xiao Yulong around and listened to his every word. However, he wasn’t as kind to Xiao Che as he was to Xiao Yulong. Even though they were both grandsons of the Elders, he never cared for Xiao Che. Whenever Xiao Che tried to strike up a conversation, he would either ignore or respond with an upturned nose.

As the grandson of a Xiao clan Elder, not only did Xiao Che have his own housing, but he also owned a separate little courtyard. Aside from his grandfather Xiao Lie, his aunt Xiao Lingxi, and his one best friend, very few people actually came to visit. At this time Xiao Yulong came with Xiao Yang with the purpose of watching him go on his wedding journey.

“Haha, of course.” Xiao Yulong approached with a hearty laugh and said: “The person you are marrying today is our Floating Cloud city’s number one brightest jewel. This is not only our Xiao clan’s big event but is our Floating Cloud city’s big event. Since you have the chance to marry this treasure, your brother here is very happy for you. Of course, I am also envious and ashamed as well. Hahahaha.”

Xiao Che also laughed: “Brother Yulong tells such a funny joke. With Brother Yulong’s talent, the entire women population of Floating Cloud city is yours to pick from.”

“Young master, we must get going.” Xiao Hong warned.

“Brother Xiao Che, hurry up. We eagerly await for you to spectacularly bring in Floating Cloud city’s brightest jewel into the Xiao clan.” Xiao Yulong said with a smile.

Xiao Che nodded and immediately sat tight. The wedding escort team rode through the courtyard to the sound of the beating drums and gongs straight towards the Xia clan’s home.

The moment Xiao Che disappeared from sight, Xiao Yulong’s smile froze and darkened. He suddenly turned around and fiercely slapped Xiao Yang hard in the face. In a low voice he hissed: “Pathetic!”

Xiao Yulong’s slap was a direct hit and Xiao Yang’s left cheek began to swell. He hurriedly scrambled at the foot of Xiao Yulong and fearfully spoke: “ I… I clearly threw in the Murdering Heart Powder and the message I received confirmed that he did collapse… I… I also do not know what is going on here….”

“Hmph!” Xiao Yulong’s eyebrows tightened and distorted his face. “I spent so much money to get the poison that not even Dr. Seto has the cure to, but you screwed it all up! Don’t tell me you want me to personally see Xia Qingyue marry that wastrel Xiao Che?”

“Boss, that kid has only just left. We will have an opportunity on the wedding road… Although we cannot personally take care of this for fear of being seen, we can instigate a resistance army from the Yuwen clan and others. There are other men of nobility who covet Xia Qingyue. Just listening to people speak about Xia Qingyue’s marriage to Xiao Che would make their teeth itch. If we encourage them a little and go out together, we would be able to….”

“If it was really that simple, why did I spend so much time getting the Murdering Heart Powder!” Xiao Yulong coldly interrupted Xiao Yang and continued: “Xiao Che is a good for nothing but his grandfather is at the tenth level of the Profound Spirit. Who would dare to offend him? Also, Xia Qingyue’s father did not object to this marriage at all. Who would dare to openly offend the Xia clan and Xiao Che? Even if the Yuwen clan’s boys grouped up with the Governor’s boys, their family would obviously prevent them from doing anything…. And didn’t you see that old bastard Xiao Hong personally escort him? With him around, how could any trouble start?”

While speaking, Xiao Yulong clenched his hands. The sounds of bone being dislocated popped in the air. The first time he saw Xia Qingyue, he thought that he encountered an angel and was already lost. From then on, he swore to make Xia Qingyue his woman in this lifetime.

But Xia Qingyue, was actually going to marry Xiao Clan’s most despised Xiao Che! How can he ever willingly accept that!

“Boss, in fact… in fact you do not need to worry that much.” Xiao Yang glanced at Xiao Yulong’s facial expression and carefully spoke: “Think about it, with Xia Qingyue’s temperament that never even bothered to glance at any of the talents in Floating Cloud City, would she even like that kid Xiao Che? The only reason why she is marrying Xiao Che was because of an agreement made sixteen years ago. If she marries into the family, it is absolutely impossible for Xiao Che to even touch her finger…. After she has entered our Xiao clan, the chances of boss meeting her would be greatly increased. The good for nothing Xiao Che is not comparable to the Boss’s natural handsomeness and talent. After a while, how could not impress that Xia Qingyue? By that time….”

Listening to Xiao Yang’s words, Xiao Yulong’s gloomy scowl began to stretch while his narrow eyes squinted. He touched the tip of his nose with his finger and whispered: “You made a pretty reasonable point…looks like not being able to poison that wastrel to death can also be a good thing.”





Chapter 4 – The Wedding Procession


Floating Cloud City was the smallest city of the Blue Wind Empire. It was so small that it wasn’t even suitable to be called a city; perhaps calling it a town would be far more appropriate. Floating Cloud City was not only the smallest city but was also the most geographically remote in terms of location. The population, economy, and even the average Profound strength were the lowest of the low. These days, Floating Cloud City’s residents often mock themselves for being a forgotten corner in the Blue Wind Empire.

Floating Cloud City was particularly lively today for it was Xiao Che and Xia Qingyue’s big wedding day. Nobody would care if it was only Xiao Che’s wedding but Xia Qingyue’s marriage was Floating Cloud City’s biggest sensational event.

The Xia Clan was not a clan that solely trained in the arts of the Profound. It was a clan that specialized in business for generations. Although they could not be said to be wealthy amongst others of the Blue Wind Empire; on Floating Cloud City’s list of the most prosperous clans, the Xia Clan was at the top. However, this did not mean that the Xia Clan was weak. With their abundant wealth, they could naturally afford to hire experts to protect their vast fortune. The leader of the Xia Clan had two children: Xia Yuanba and Xia Qingyue. Both his son and daughter had no interest in the family business. They solely focused on training in the ways of the Profound. Xia Hongyi had never opposed to their decision and instead allowed them to continue their path. After Xia Qingyue surprised Floating Cloud City with her talent, it was even more unlikely that he would prevent her growth. Due to Xia Qingyue’s amazing god-given gift, Floating Cloud City’s major families were on their best behavior in their presence…. After all, it was widely acknowledged that Xia Qingyue may reach the Earth Profound Realm or even the Sky Profound Realm someday in the future. At that point, the Xia Clan would not only have the most wealth, but would also be the most dominating force in Floating Cloud City.

However, that Xia Clan had let the city’s most brilliant girl marry Xiao Che, a good for nothing with no possible future. Who knows how many people regret that decision…. Of course, there were more people with feelings of envy and jealous hate.

Since it was the Xia Clan marrying off a daughter, the spectacle was indeed not too shabby. As soon as Xiao Che went out, he saw a long line of red carpet that began from his door’s entrance. This red carpet was the Xiao Clan’s starting point and it extends in twists and turns towards the direction of the Xia Clan.

As soon as the Xiao Clan’s wedding team appeared, Floating Cloud City’s street started to bustle with noise. The street was full with spectators on both sides of the street. As Xiao Che kept pace with the team, various whispers from the crowd entered his ears.

“Look! That is the grandson of Xiao clan’s Fifth Elder. I heard rumors that his Profound Vein is damaged and he would never in his life be able to breakthrough into even the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm.

“Oh, this is the first time I’ve seen him in person.”

“It’s normal if you haven’t seen him before; with such a stubborn bull for a grandfather and the fact that he is a good-for-nothing himself, would you even have the face to go out? Oh, for Xia Qingyue to actually be married to such a person, God must really be blind!”

“It is said that his father Xiao Ying and Xia Hongyi became sworn brothers when Xiao Ying saved Xia Qingyue’s life after using most of his Profound strength. Xia Hongyi then promised that on his daughter, Xia Qingyue’s sixteenth birthday, she would become Xiao Ying’s daughter-in-law. Not long after, Xiao Ying fell to an assassin. Due to his previous exertion, he was unable to fight back. The news hit Xia Hongyi like a meteorite and he felt extremely guilty….Now that Qingyue had finally turned sixteen today and although Xiao Ying’s son is a moron, Xia Hongyi was not willing to break his promise because of his heavy feelings of remorse and gratitude. If not for that, how could that guy even marry Xia Qingyue.”

“What! Xia Qingyue is our Floating Cloud City’s greatest treasure. If he did not have his status of being the Fifth Elder’s grandson, he could not even measure up to the mud on the floor. I am probably one hundred times stronger than him! This world is so unfair!”

“The goddess of my dreams is about to marry such a wastrel, I rather die than accept this fact! Ahhhhh!”

The Xiao Che on horseback had bright serene eyes that conveyed a deep character. He had on an elegant expression and exhibited a light grace. His long hair fluttered behind his dazzling red wedding robe and his entire body emitted an air of elegance. The sounds of murmuring from the crowd contained all kinds of malicious undertones. However the envy, resentment, prejudice, ridicule, scorn, and disdain from the crowd seemed to not faze him at all. He seemed to be unconscious of the crowd, a beautiful smile still on his face. It was not known how many girls lost their hearts as their eyes misted over in adoration.

Although Xiao Che’s Profound strength was the lowest of the low, his looks were actually not that bad. He could even be said to be beyond Xiao Yulong. Coupled with the fact that he rarely went out due to his low Profound strength, he looked very white and delicate…. Just like a living doll!

So even if the countless youths hate Xiao Che enough to make their teeth itch, in the depths of their heart, they also had to admit that he looked as if he was truly worthy of Xia Qingyue.

“I thought that Xiao Che would ride in the carriage today but unexpectedly he is riding horseback. With that temperament…. it seems as if the rumors were not true.”

“Tch! The wastrel that people typically look down on is about to marry our Floating Cloud City’s greatest treasure. Of course he should be proud! How could he be afraid of losing face?” Rang a bitter voice.

“I heard that Yuwen clan’s young master as well as other young masters from other families are taken with Xia Qingyue; do you think they will come to stop this procession?”

“Yeah right! Xiao Che is nothing but his grandfather is Xiao Lie. The experts of our Floating Cloud City all have to respect him in his presence. His son is already dead and he only has one grandson left. He tended to his grandson from the very beginning of his life. If anyone were to cause trouble, they will meet Xiao Lie’s wrath! Whoever dares to do that will lose his head! Moreover this is not a forced marriage; who would dare to cause trouble to incur the wrath of the Xia clan. I estimate that right now, all the lovesick youths who would actually disrupt the procession are firmly locked in their own house.”

The wedding procession went on in a casual manner; not too fast but not too slow. The journey of ten miles took nearly one and a half hours.

“Brother-in-law ! ! ”

As soon as he saw the Xia Clan’s main entrance, he heard a wild cry. A tall sturdy figure ran over to Xiao Che. This person was not that old, but he was at least two meters tall. His body was as strong as a bull and the ground trembled when he came over. As Xiao Che watched him approach, he gulped bitterly and spoke with wide eyes: “Yuanba! I have not seen you for only a month, how could you already have grown that much taller yet again!!”

This man…. it was more accurate to call him a boy for he is Xia Qingyue’s little brother, Xia Yuanba. He became fifteen this year… yes he was really only fifteen years old! However, if you take a look at his body, nobody would even imagine that he had just turned fifteen! Two meters tall…. Xiao Che on his horse is the same height as Xia Yuanba standing up. Yuanba weighed over 175 kg. This number was definitely not that high because Yuanba was fat, but instead was because of his big strong muscles. His muscles were of a dark tan metallic luster and broadcasted his astonishing strength. His Profound strength was only average, at Fourth level of the Elementary Profound Realm, but his physical strength was a force to be reckoned with. He could fight on par with those at the sixth level of the Elementary Profound Realm.

Xia Yuanba was Xiao Che’s best friend — his only friend. From a young age he had always called Xiao Che his brother-in-law, and they often played together when they were children. The days before he turned eight, Xia Yuanba was actually a dark and skinny child. He was often bullied but ever since he turned eight, it was like he ate something wrong and had an enormous growth spurt. His height, weight, and appetite all soared and the increase in his strength was absolutely stunning. Now at the age of fifteen… his face has not fully matured, for it was still quite childish, but his size…. it was of a monstrous proportion!

After hearing Xiao Che’s exclamation, Xia Yuanba rubbed his head in embarrassment: “This…. even I cannot help it. My father tells me to go on a diet everyday. However, letting myself starve and go hungry would be far worse than the feeling of being killed by another.”

“……” Xiao Che became speechless. At that moment he was only fifteen years old; once he becomes an adult…… he didn’t dare to imagine that!

Xiao Che knew that Xia Yuanba had a huge appetite. Fortunately he was born in the Xia Clan, for if he was born in an ordinary family, his consumption would dissipate their entire fortune.

“Hehe, brother-in-law, today you can finally become my brother-in-law.” Xia Yuanba’s smile was honest because he had been happily looking forward to this day. In his opinion, with such a strong sister for a wife, nobody would dare look down on Xiao Che.

“Hurry up and come in, my sister is already ready.” He slapped his head: “Oh, I’ll go open the door.”

After that, Xia Yuanba turned in the direction of the Xia clan door and ran like a mobile mountain of meat.

The procession came in the Xia clan’s entrance. At the door, Xiao Che saw a smiling Xia Hongyi. He quickly dismounted and stood before Xia Hongyi. He respectfully greeted: “Uncle Xia.”

“Haha, after all this time you still call me uncle?” Xia Hongyi laughed. His stature was not tall for he looked like normal slightly overweight middle-aged man. Although if one were to look at him and the words “simple and honest” came to mind, nobody in the entire city of Floating Cloud would dare look down upon him.

Xiao Che’s eyes brightened and politely replied: “Father-in-law.”

He had always been respectful towards Xia Hongyi for Hongyi was the sworn brother of his father. From a young age he suffered through the scornful glances of many people but Xia Hongyi had always tenderly cared about him. Even though he was born with a disabled Profound Vein, Xia Hongyi had never violated the agreement he made with his father; the agreement that Xia Qingyue would marry Xiao Che once she became sixteen.

“Haha, good!” Xia Hongyi nodded. He reached out his hand and patted Xiao Che’s shoulder: “Che’er, starting today, I will give Xia Qingyue to you. Although you are not a big hero, you are Xiao Ying’s son so I can have a piece of mind when I give you my daughter. Your father Xiao Ying was an amazing man. Becoming his sworn brother is something I would never regret in this lifetime for he was a passionate and righteous man. You are Xiao Ying’s son. Even though your profound vein is damaged, I do not believe that you will stay an ordinary person in the future.”

“Treat my daughter well. For those who talk nonsense and can only flap their mouths in malice, screw them all.”

Xiao Che’s eyes smoldered in anger. He firmly nodded his head slowly: “Father-in-law, have no worries. Although people hold me in contempt now, once my profound vein is fixed, a sleeping dragon will be awakened from the abyss. I will make those people who look down on me and those who think that the Xia clan took in a wastrel for their son-in-law obediently shut their traps.”

Xia Hongyi was surprised at his outburst…. He had always known Xiao Che to be weak-minded with a mild temper and an unconscious inferiority complex. Xiao Che’s fearless utterance, sharp eyes and calmness made him see Xiao Che in a brand new light…… one that was completely different from his previous attitude.

“Good!” Xia Hongyi nodded and patted Xiao Che on the shoulder again: “I knew that Xiao Ying’s son would not be an ordinary child. I will wait for the day this dragon surfaces. Alright now, Qingyue is waiting for you; go on.”





Chapter 5 – The Wedding Ceremony


Xia Qingyue appeared between the arms of two bridesmaids. She wore a red phoenix coronet on top of her head. A fine curtain of beads hung down from the phoenix coronet to completely cover her entire face while also hiding her current expression. Her soft and shiny black hair fell gently behind her shoulders. Her straight scarlet robe was decorated in the “four happiness” cloud pattern” cloud pattern and the belt displayed her slender narrow waist nicely. On her belt hung a charm made of exquisite jade while pearls dangled at it’s tassels, matching her golden shoes. These significant details made her magnificent outfit even more dazzling than ever.

Xia Qingyue slowly came to Xiao Che’s side in the arms of the bridesmaids and every step she made was light and elegant, as if she were walking across the clouds. An ordinary person would look like they were walking but if they were in her body, they would look like a fairy riding on top of a cloud. Her usual posture was already that beautiful and Xiao Che saw such a feast for the eyes.

(TL: Translated as fairy but implied to be something like this, do not imagine Tinkerbell.)

Xia Qingyue finally came to the front of the carriage and the two bridesmaid walked away bowing backwards. In accordance to the Blue Wind Empire’s wedding tradition, the groom will bring the bride onto the bridal chair. Xiao Che stepped forward and stretched out a helping hand at Xia Qingyue. Xia Qingyue elegantly lifted her hand…. However as Xiao Che took Xia Qingyue’s hands in his palm, a piercing cold energy unraveled onto Xiao Che’s hand and his entire right arm stiffened in pain, half-immobilized.

The biting cold sensation slowly disappeared as Xiao Che put his arm down with a silent indifferent expression. Aside from a frown between his eyebrows when the icy cold hit him, he did not make any other expression nor the slightest sound.

If one opened Xia Qingyue’s curtain of fine beads, one would see her beautiful eyes flash in surprise and then hastily become cold once more.

Xiao Che sat on the horse and the wedding procession went on with great strength and vigor. The Xia clan’s wedding team followed in the direction of the Xiao clan shortly after.

After another hour and a half, the procession returned to the Xiao clan’s main entrance. This long journey was smooth and calm, to the disappointment of those who looked forward to the development of any drama.

Xiao Lie was already at the doorway and stood to welcome their guests. Sadly, the number of people who came for Xiao Che can be counted with one hand. Most of the guests came for Xiao Lie and the Xia clan. With Xiao Lie’s fame and Xia Clan’s connection, many guests were seen. Outside the entrance of Xiao Clan house, people who came to see the event was next to infinite, the streets were so filled up that not even a water droplet could get through. All these people came for the marriage of the number one beauty in Floating Cloud City.

Xia Qingyue’s bridal carriage slowly stopped in the middle of the noise. A corner of the curtain was opened as her maid Xia Dongling gently spoke: “Miss, we have arrived.”

Afterwards, a hand reached out and Xia Dongling gently lowered her arms. As soon as she got out of the carriage, the deafening atmosphere suddenly quieted to replaced by deep breathes that followed one after another.

It was almost noon. The soft sunshine reflected against her phoenix coronet while her robe charmingly glittered against the breeze making one’s eyes blur if they look too long. Her hair was wrapped up high into a bun on top of her head and the phoenix coronet that framed her head was that of four layers. The top layer was adorned with fine golden hairpins while the bottom had several golden phoenix engravings. The satin red golden phoenix coronet extended into a fringe of swaying pearl tassels. Although her face was not laid bare, with her eyes and lips partly hidden yet partly exposed, her beauty was exquisitely flawless.

The sound of irrepressible breathing overlapped against one another as many people stared straight ahead, unable to snap back into reality. That is the power of Xia Qingyue’s charisma, for this all happened without the revealment of her face! Based on her aura and posture alone, she still seemed like a fairy that had walked out straight from a painting. Her beauty was so immense that none could take their eyes off her.

Xia Dongling wrapped a red silk sash around Xia Qingyue’s hand. Naturally, the other end of the sash was tied to Xiao Che’s hand. As he got off the saddle, Xiao Che smiled as he walked over to lead Xia Qingyue across the brazier. They cruised over the doorstep of the Xiao clan and stepped directly into the hall.





As they entered through the main entrance of the Xiao clan, the noise did not abate. Xiao Che’s expression did not change as he kept pace but he naturally wanted the wedding to end as soon as possible.

This was Xiao Clan’s center hall for important meetings. The only people who were allowed to use this place for a wedding are the leader of the Xiao Clan and it’s Elders. For this wedding the room underwent a large scale transformation. It was truly a vision that should be seen. As far as one could see, the pillars were all embedded with yellow topaz and the walls had been painted with dragons that were inlaid with rare precious pearls. A red carpet spread across the center of the hall in a straight line and stopped at a short golden staircase. A subtle golden light filled the atmosphere, making the already beautifully decorated hall more dazzlingly eye-catching. The Xiao Clan was not willing to invest such a large amount of money for Xiao Che and mostly came from the Xia Clan. Xia Hongyi was willing to spend as much as needed for his darling daughter’s wedding.

Xiao Lie and Xia Hongyi sat on the highest seat of the hall, smiles plastered all over their face as they watched Xiao Che and Xia Qingyue enter. On both sides of the red carpet were three rows of rose sandalwood chairs, all already filled with people. Xiao clan’s leader, Lord Xiao Yunhai was there as well along with the other four Elders of the Xiao clan. As Xiao Che walked in with a happy smile, their expressions stilled on the surface but in the depths of their heart, they sneered in disdain.

The Xiao Clan was a clan that practiced in the ways of the Profound for many generations. To have Xiao Che with a crippled Profound Vein born in the clan was a shame for the Xiao Clan. If he were not the grandson of the Fifth Elder, Xiao Lie, he would have already been expelled instead of remaining inside like he was now…. And if it weren’t for the fact that he was about to wed the high-profile daughter of the Xia Clan, they would not even have bothered to show up in person let alone be present at the scene.

Regarding Xiao Che, if they hear his name, they could only think of the word “trash” and not pay attention for they do not even remember how he looked like. In the Profound Sky Continent, one did not deserve dignity if one does not have the skill to back it up. It was a harsh reality and a universal truth followed by many, even towards members of the same clan.

The expressions on the faces of the younger Xiao generation were unsurprisingly consistent as well. They all had their sights on Xiao Qingyue and their eyes belied their insuppressible infatuation. As their eyes transferred towards Xiao Che, their eyes almost erupted with naked envy. The Xiao Clan’s outer disciples had always looked down on this permanently disabled person and never in their dreams thought that he would actually marry Floating Cloud City’s unattainable number one treasure. The uncomfortable feeling that those two people in the marriage hall evoked was similar to eating dead flies raw.

The person in charge of the wedding was logistics manager Xiao De. The wedding ceremony began at the cry of his voice.

The master of ceremonies first introduced the bride and groom and then read names from a list of distinguished guests that have came to visit. As he went on, Xiao Che’s expression remained neutral but in his heart were clashing waves of water. Whatever else the master of ceremonies said after that was something Xiao Che could not bother to listen to for he was repeatedly ruminating over a problem that he actually care about.

What was that sudden weird feeling he felt at Xia Clan when his hands met with Xia Qingyue’s? Was it some kind of Profound power? But he had never heard of such a mysterious power in Floating Cloud City. For Xia Qingyue to reach the 10th level of the Elementary Profound Realm at the age of sixteen was truly an amazing feat…. but she was still at the lowest point of the 10th Elementary Profound Realm; how was it possible that she could soundlessly release such an ice cold aura that actually completely immobilized his entire arm? What was that astonishing mystifying power which was displayed at such a level?

Or…. was this the hidden strength of the Xia Qingyue who had reached the pinnacle 10th level of the Elementary Profound Realm?

The voice of the master of ceremonies stopped. After a brief pause, his voice became eight octaves higher:

“First bow, to heaven and earth!”

Xiao Che’s mind rapidly rotated as he glanced at Xia Qingyue through the corner of his eye while bowing in the direction of the doorway, to the heavens and earth.

“Second bow, to your elders!”

The two people made an 180 degree turn towards the seated Xia Hongyi and Xiao Lie and bowed. Xiao Lie firmly nodded and smiled lovingly at Xiao Che and his new granddaughter-in-law. Xia Hongyi also smiled and beamed in content.

“Exchange bows between husband and wife!”

Xiao Che’s body turned towards Xia Qingyue and at the same time Xia Qingyue also turned to face him. This swift action that did not withhold any hesitation nor delay made all members of the younger generation of the Xiao Clan clench their teeth. In their thoughts, they believed that Xia Qingyue did not willingly enter this marriage with that crippled bastard but was instead forced to come by the Xia clan. To their disappointment, even up to this moment, there was no resistance at all from Xia Qingyue. There weren’t even rope lines of her supposedly failed escape that they imagined to have happened.

The two people bowed and as they both bent towards one another, Xiao Che saw cold eyes peeking through the gaps of the bead curtain…. cool icy eyes that revealed no traces of emotion.

Usually at moments like this, the crowd would burst into enthusiastic applause, loud laughter and cheers. But only a few people authentically clapped for the married couple, it was quite awkward.

“Indeed the Fifth Elder should be congratulated.” The First Elder Xiao Li who was sitting next to Xiao Yunhai said with a cynical strangeness in his words.

“I congratulate you in representation of all the Five Elder’s well wishes.” Even the First Elder Xiao Li who was sitting next to Xiao Yunhai heard the strange cynical scorn in his words.

Second Elder Xiao Bo laughed with the same strangeness that came from the leader of the Xiao clan earlier and slowly continued: “Fifth Elder, getting such a talented granddaughter-in-law has added glory to the Xiao Clan. As for the Xia Clan getting such a son-in-law, haha, is also quite acceptable. Congratulations.”

The atmosphere in the hall immediately cooled. If one were not an idiot, they would clearly hear the apparent irony in the words “congratulations” that came out of their mouths.





Chapter 6 – Peerless Beauty


When Xiao Ying was alive, Xiao Lie’s position in the Xiao Clan was second to none for even the leader of the Xiao Clan at that time was respectful towards him. There was a clear reason; Xiao Ying’s talent at that time gave him the potential to be one of Xiao Clan’s strongest experts in the future. In this world that respected those with power, as Xiao Ying’s father, Xiao Lie was held in high regard. However, after Xiao Ying’s death, Xiao Lie’s only grandson was born with a damaged Profound Vein. Although he was the strongest in Floating Cloud City who would fear him? His son was dead, his grandson disabled, and he had no other successors. His position in the Xiao Clan was now suffering a disastrous decline.

Xiao Lie did not get angry for he had already become accustomed to these cynical jabs of wordplay. With an indifferent smile, he spoke: “Thank you all for personally coming today. Be sure to drink more than a few cups of wine to celebrate this event.”

“I have already given you face by personally coming here today so I do not need any wine. My grandson Xiao Chengzhi has now reached the 7th level of the Elementary Profound Realm. I have been here for quite a while now, I must personally go stabilize him.” Third Elder said as he stood up.

(TL: Give face = give somebody respect especially when in public)

“Chengzhi has already reached the 7th level of the Elementary Profound Ream? To be only seventeen and have such success, his future is truly limitless. No wonder you were positively glowing today, that is surely gratifying!” The other four Elders rose to congratulate him with a surprised look on their face.

Although well disciplined, Xiao Lie’s face had a look of condensed anger. His four brothers had always showered him with respect but ever since Xiao Ying’s death and the confirmation of Xiao Che’s damaged Profound Vein, their attitude changed for the worse. Basically, they do not bother to show respect for him anymore. They typically bragged about their own grandsons in front of him but now, in his own grandson’s wedding hall, they still fearlessly flaunted their own grandson’s achievements. His brothers used their own grandson’s success to rip out the deepest scars in his heart.

All of a sudden, the atmosphere that could make one sweat bullets shifted. The master of ceremonies, Xiao De, hurriedly tried to speed up the wedding process and exclaimed in a squeaky high voice: “The bride and groom, go into the bridal chamber…. distinguished guests, please go to the banquet.

In the midst of the sound of gongs and joyful drumbeats, the couple who many were watching finished their rituals of worship and started to walk towards Xiao Che’s small courtyard. The bridal chamber was the room where Xiao Che usually lived in. It had been decorated entirely in red. The carpet on the floor was finely embroidered with a dragon and phoenix that flew upon clouds, an auspicious symbol for a blissful marriage. The room full of red silk also contained a large “double happiness” sign and two red candles were shining brightly between a golden lamp. The dragon and phoenix engraved on the candle seem to sway in the twinkling light. The flickering candle touched upon golden glaze curtain and seemed to fill the room with a dreamy hazy color. It was isolated from the outside world and gleamed in such a way that would make one’s eyes soften.

Xia Qingyue’s maid, Xia Dongling, escorted Xia Qingyue to sit in her bed and then soundlessly stepped out of the room while closing the door. The room became silent and they could only vaguely hear the soft sound of their breathing.

Xia Qingyue sat there quietly, soundless and motionless. Xiao Che did not approach her but instead stood near the doorway and stared past it with a shadowy look in his eyes.

“Your grandfather was disrespected during your own wedding, you must be really upset, right?”

A soft clear voice entered Xiao Che’s ear and his expression changed. Although Xia Qingyue’s words stung his ears, she left him in awe for she took the initiative to talk to him.

Xiao Che glanced to his side and hesitantly spoke: “You can take down that phoenix coronet now. That thing is too heavy and if you wear it for too long, it would become uncomfortable.”

According to the wedding traditions of the Profound Sky Continent, the groom must take off the coronet for the bride. A while back, as he was trying help her off the carriage, she stung his hand with her mysterious cold aura. Xiao Che was too prideful to touch her again because he was fearful of that happening again. Besides, he did not think the cold Xia Qingyue would even be willing to accept his offer if he were to actually try to help her with her coronet.

After a slight pause, Xia Qingyue raised her hands and silently took off the phoenix coronet. At that moment, a beautiful breathtaking face appeared in Xiao Che’s line of sight. As she raised her charming eyes and meet Xiao Che’s in contact, he immediately became stunned…. A pair of indescribable magnificent eyes met his. It was as if the world’s essence laid deep within her eyes. Not even the world’s most brilliant painter nor the most precious of words could accurately portray her beauty. Her jade-like skin and creamy face was as white as snow under the dim lights in the room. Her lips were like the world’s most delicate petals and her nose was of the most beautiful of sculpted white jade, high and proud with an innate nobility.

“You reputation precedes you.” Xiao Che murmured, measuring her with his unblinking eyes. A pair of beautiful eyes peered back at him. An endless gravitational abyss drew his every attention and thought, making it difficult for him to move his eyes elsewhere.

Although this was an arranged marriage decided since they were born, aside from the occasional glimpses he took when he was young, this was actually the first time he truly saw Xia Qingyue since the age of ten. This was because Xia Qingyue rarely left her home and the disabled Xiao Che had low self-esteem that evolved into an inferiority complex. He only heard about Xia Qingyue from the hearsay of others and after hearing that Xia Qingyue had grown up to become a peerless beauty, he pictured her in his heart.

The shadowy figure in his illusions faded as he looked at Xia Qingyue realizing that he was in the face of true beauty. Xia Qingyue’s allure was beyond his imagination for he could not describe this peerless beauty. The Xiao Che with clear memories of two worlds could not help but forget his thoughts when faced with such a sight.

Xia Qingyue was called the number one beauty in Floating Cloud City but if anyone were to say that she was the one number beauty in Blue Wind Empire, Xiao Che would not dispute that claim. He could not think of anything that would surpass this beautiful spectacle before his eyes. The girl in front of his eyes was yet only sixteen; girls at that age have not fully blossomed but it is impossible to imagine what would happen to Xia Qingyue after a few years.…. perhaps she would reach a transcendent level by that time.

A girl whose every movement and smile that could move the world was born in little Floating Cloud City. And this girl has become his wife today…. Xiao Che could not help but question the authenticity of his reality.

“And you are not what the rumors say nor what I had imagined as well.”

Xia Qingyue rose and her touching curve of her body was exposed as she approached Xiao Che. Her eyes shone like water as she slightly parted her lips: “Rumors say that your vein was disabled so you can only stay at the 1st level of the Elementary Profound Realm. Because of that, you have a weak physique and low self esteem since you only stay at home. Your only friends are your little aunt Xiao Lingxi and my younger brother Yuanba. The only thing on your body that can be regarded as an advantage would be your appearance.”

“Your Profound aura is not only weak and murky but your Profound Vein is indeed disabled. However, your personality is completely different from what the rumors claimed you to be.”

Xia Qingyue stopped at a distance of three steps before Xiao Che as she stared straight at Xiao Che with her beautiful eyes: “Although you deliberately hide and pretend your true character, I sensed your arrogance ever since I laid my eyes upon you. You are completely the opposite of those rumors. Earlier at my place, I froze your hand with my Profound power but your calm reaction surprised me. If your hand wasn’t so still, I would have doubted that I failed to use my power. In the wedding hall you and your grandfather Xiao Lie were mocked during such an important occasion but it only looked like you were angry for a quick second and then your anger disappeared. Your expression and heart rate showed no signs of abnormal fluctuations at all. It is difficult to achieve that mental state of mind even for a middle aged Profound Spirit practitioner!”

“When you look at me, there is an obsessed glint in your eye that has not diminished even now.”

“Your disabled Profound Vein is fact but your true personality and state of mind has fooled everyone.” Xia Qingyue whispered, as her boundlessly deep eyes stared at Xiao Che.

Xiao Che startled in surprise.

With Xia Qingyue that close to him, one would usually be in ecstasy when in the presence of the perfume of her floral scent but Xiao Che could not be bothered to be moved by that. His heart had completely went in shock as he stared back at her in awe. It was true, he was indeed a proud person regardless of who he was in the presence of because back when he was in the Azure Cloud Continent, he was one of the proud warlords there. Anyone living in Floating Cloud City at the moment was not on par with those legendary warlords of his time. Although his strength went through an extreme decline, his state of mind stayed the same. He did not deliberately set out to appear that way but it was the natural attitude of his previous life. However, he had to keep his prideful self hidden because of his current lack of strength and situation.

What Xia Qingyue said had perfectly described his personality in one go!

On the road from Xia Clan back to Xiao Clan, he always thought that she held him in contemptuous disregard for she was a heavenly treasure and he was the mud on the floor that people despised. It was a typical common thought. But he had never been aware that she had been watching him during their journey back. Xiao Che suddenly saw Xia Qingyue in a new light as he looked into her extremely beautiful eyes. Those clear eyes that saw through his mind and heart in meticulously fine detail left him in shock.

You know! This Xiao Che with two memories of experience was a person that could not be moved in the face of all the world’s heroes and even in the face of death! Yet she already saw him through!

Was she really only a girl who had just turned sixteen!?

How can this sixteen year old girl possess such a monstrously keen eye and mind!

Xiao Che had a suspicion that maybe Xia Qingyue was like him, a person reincarnated into this world!

“Are you enduring it?” Xia Qingyue asked after a pause.

“Enduring it?” Xiao Che let out a seemingly self-deprecating laugh: “Perhaps. The truth of my damaged Profound Vein won’t change. In the Profound Sky Continent, living a life with a disabled Profound Vein has made people look down on me like I am the scum on the bottom of their shoe. Is there a difference between a cowardly self-blame and a silent endurance?

Enduring it? More like he was tolerating it! Yesterday’s Xiao Che was exactly as what the rumors had said he was! No matter how clever Xia Qingyue was, she could not have thought that today’s Xiao Che would have another lifetime’s worth of memory. His temperament and mental state had also changed along with it.

Xia Qingyue’s beautiful eyes narrowed as she suddenly lifted the jade-like palm of her hand and stretched out two fingers to touch his chest. Suddenly, a cool but not entirely cold aura hit Xiao Che in the chest and spread throughout his body. As Xiao Che was about to ask her what she was doing, the cold feeling instantly disappeared and Xia Qingyue opened her lips that were like the soft petals of a flower: “Your Profound Vein is indeed disabled, but it is not a congenital deformity. You were probably attacked when you were very young and someone directly destroyed your Profound Vein!”





Chapter 7 – Frozen Cloud Asgard


“Was destroyed?” Xiao Che frowned. Ever since he was a child, his grandfather and everybody else all said that he was born with a damaged Profound Vein. He even believed that himself when he got his memories of “rebirth” back since his memories included the mastering of all the medical books in during his lifetime.

But Xia Qingyue said he wasn’t born with a damage Profound Vein but instead it was damaged by an external force.

In truth, no one in the Xiao Clan had been able to see through this guise. Xia Qingyue had only looked at him within a few breaths of time and to her, that fact was as clear as crystal.

This woman….

“Yes.” Xiao Qingyue creased her eyebrows and gently spoke: “It was heavily damaged during your childhood and your family did not notice. Because of that, it was never repaired and now that you have already grown up the damaged Profound Vein has fully formed into it’s disabled state… and lost all hopes of repairment!!”

Xia Qingyue said that last statement with absolute confidence. If an adult’s Profound Vein became damaged, their power would leak but there were a variety of methods to repair that.

However, if the Profound Vein broke in the early stages of infancy, the growth of the vein would start from a bad foundation and will only become worse. At Xiao Che’s age, the vein had already become badly shaped so it was impossible for it to be repaired back to normal.

Xiao Che’s expression did not change and simply said: “That may not necessarily be true.”

Xia Qingyue gently inclined her head to glance at him: “Looks like you always had the notion of repairing your Profound Vein?”

“I’ll definitely fix it.” Xiao Che said blankly.

Xia Qingyue looked at him deeply. She saw not only confidence and arrogance but a deep layer of coldness in his eyes. She sighed in her heart and softly spoke: “The Profound Sky Continent is a big place with numerous amounts of talented people, perhaps there really may exist a person who can repair your damaged vein. I should not have said what I had said earlier with such assertion, you can just take it as my ignorance.

In those few words, Xiao Che’s impression of her improved dramatically. He hesitated, then asked: “The icy cold power you used earlier, what was that? I have never heard of anyone in Floating Cloud City with that skill. Your master is not a person from Floating Cloud City, am I right? Of course, it’s up to you whether or not you want to tell me.

Xia Qingyue was silent for a while and right when Xiao Che thought she would not answer, she calmly replied: “Frozen Cloud Secret Arts.”

“Frozen Cloud Secret Arts?” Xiao Che slightly shivered at the name as he felt a vague sense of familiarity. When he suddenly remembered the name of the concept, his paled and words uncontrollably escaped from his mouth: “Frozen Cloud Asgard !?!?”

Xia Qingyue tilted her beautiful head and looked at Xiao Che with a surprised expression. When he shouted out “Frozen Cloud Asgard”, Xiao Che had already lost his cool but in her eyes, he was still too calm. Even if the Lord of Floating Cloud City heard that name, his body will weaken and his legs would tremble in fright. She lightly said: “My master is indeed from Frozen Cloud Asgard so I can be regarded as a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard…. This fact, the only person in Floating Cloud City who knows of that is my father. You are the now the second. I tell you this…. because you are my husband now and this is the most basic of my respect for you.”

“……” Xiao Che’s racing heartbeat could not calm down. The words “Frozen Cloud Asgard burst into his heart like a huge bomb. Because it was the most powerful out of Blue Wind Empire’s four major Sects and also the holy land of that many yearn and long to be in. Even the Blue Wind Empire’s royalty must worship their transcendent existence annually!

Heavenly Sword Villa, Frozen Cloud Asgard, Xiao Sect, Fiery Sky Gate.

Out of the seven countries in Profound Sky Continent, the Blue Wind Empire was currently the smallest. Although they had the lowest overall strength, they have never been annexed by the other countries. A large part of the reason why was because of those four major sects. Those powers that be are not afraid of the Blue Wind Empire’s strength but instead fear the four major sects.

There is no doubt about the strength of those four major sects. The process in which they recruit disciples was very strict and they did not care about background in their selections. The most important thing they want in the end was talent. Everyone living in the Blue Wind Empire dream and aspire for that kind of great fortune. If you get into one of these major sects, even the lowest of disciples will bring honor and prosperity to their family. They would even be the guests of honor at court and be presented with the rank of a marquis.

No one of this little Floating Cloud City had ever heard of anyone being admitted into one of those major sects and no one would even dare dream about it. If the previous Xiao Che heard the names of the four major sects, it would be like hearing the existence of the heavenly sky kingdom. He would never have expected to be touched by those words…. but he did not expect that the wife he had just married was one of the disciples of the top ranked sect, behind Heavenly Sword Villa, Frozen Cloud Asgard!

Xiao Che quickly calmed himself down and asked: “ Since you are one of Frozen Cloud Asgard’s disciple, why don’t your family reveal it to the public? With your identity, Xia clan can freely walk through anywhere in Floating Cloud City and nobody would dare offend them. All the rich people, including the city’s main clan will seek to curry favor from you. The growth of your Xia clan will also develop at a rapid pace.”

“Because of you.” Xia Qingyue answered.

“Because of… me? Xiao Che stilled in silence… Those three words had reminded him why.

“I married you with the identity of a girl from Xia clan and the entire city of Floating Cloud is in an uproar. If I married you with an Frozen Cloud Asgard’s disciple’s status, not only our small city of Floating Clouds would be in an uproar. No matter what, there would be a lot of unpredictable consequences between you and my Xia clan. After all, the difference between you and I is far too vast.” Xiao Qingyue said in a light voice with clear eyes. Although she only stood there silently, she was already brilliantly dazzling.

Xiao Che slowly let out a sigh: “Then why did you marry me?”

“You know precisely why…. My life was saved my Uncle Xiao Ying. I am the reason why he died during an assassination attempt soon after. Since I was born, my father arranged a marriage between us in order to repay Uncle Xiao Ying’s kindness. Although it was my father’s promise, I have no reason to disobey him and thus I have no reason to not marry you.”

Xia Qingyue raised her glittering cold eyes: “The reason why I told you that I belonged to Frozen Cloud Asgard was to let you know that in order for me to continue to practice the Frozen Cloud arts, my heart must be like a frozen cloud. Frozen Cloud Asgard only accept women and they must be pure and uncontaminated for life. Although I did marry you, I cannot love anyone in this lifetime. You must understand my commitment.”

“…… Even if you aren’t a disciple of the Frozen Cloud Asgard, I don’t think you would fall in love with me anyway.” Xiao Che said with a self-deprecating smile.

Xia Qingyue slowly shook her head: “Maybe you have misunderstood me. I have never despised you nor have looked down on you…. My master had told me many times that people of a higher level should never overlook someone else. Nor underestimate them. Besides, I have just reached the starting point of my journey up. The Profound Sky Continent respects the strong so there are countless doctors around. Just because your Profound Vein was broken does not mean that your life is completely ruined.”

Xiao Che was moved. Floating Cloud City bragged about Xia Qingyue’s beauty and talent but perhaps nobody knew about the elegance in her state of mind that not even the countless number of middle-aged people in this world can achieve.

And she is really only sixteen……after a few years, one could not imagine how she would be. No wonder she caught the fancy those from Frozen Cloud Asgard !

This woman with such beauty, talent, and mind of a fairy had really just became his wife not too long ago! It felt like that was only just a dream!

If he did not have two lives worth of experience and memory, he would feel a sense of inferiority and could probably not even muster up the courage to look her in the eye.

“Thank you for telling me this…” Xiao Che said with a passionate sigh. His eyes then became focused as his voice changed: “Then, can you tell me the level of your current profound strength?

Entering the 10th level of the Elementary Profound Realm at the age of sixteen was talent amazingly enough to stir the entire city of Floating Cloud. However, Xiao Che did not believe that Xia Qingyue was only at the 10th level of the Elementary Profound Realm anymore. Because this unrivaled level of talent in Floating Cloud City should not catch the eyes of those of Frozen Cloud Asgard.

Xia Qingyue became silent and did not answer Xiao Che’s sudden question. However, her silence had indicated that her strength was higher than that of the 10th level of the Elementary Profound Realm.

“You should go to the toast.” Xia Qingyue slowly replied with a glint in her eye.

As her voice fell, the sound of slow footsteps came from outside the door. Xiao Hong’s old gentle voice came from the door: “Young master, it is time for you to propose the toast.”

“Grandpa Hong, I’ll be right there.” Xiao Che promised. With one last look at Xia Qingyue and after patting his clothes of any dust, he walked out of the room.

As soon as Xiao Che left, a bright ice aura surrounded the room and a white figured dreamily appeared in front of Xia Qingyue. Xia Qingyue lightly stepped forward and spoke with a gentle and respectful voice: “Master.”

“Qingyue, do you wish to return to Frozen Cloud Asgard with me?”

The beautiful gentle voice was as misty as a cloud and as gentle as a breeze. It was enough to make even the world’s coldest heart completely melt.

Xia Qingyue gently shook her head: “Master, Qingyue intends to stay a while. If I leave as soon as I got married, he will suffer even harsher of endless ridicules. I ask master to give me a month’s time so I won’t hurt him nor allow others to make fun of him by the time I leave.”

The woman dressed in white looked at her. After a while she nodded slowly and smiled faintly: “Alright. It is the first time in hundreds of years that a Frozen Cloud Asgard disciple was allowed to be married. Since it had been an exception, another month’s worth of wait is nothing.”

“Thank you for fulfilling my wish, Master.” Xia Qingyue’s body lowered again as she hesitantly whispered softly: “Master, is it really impossible to repair his Profound Vein?”

The woman in white shook her head without delay: “There are no such things as absolutes in this world…. but at least to me, it seems to not be possible. Qingyue, it is good that you are a kind and compassionate person with a giving heart. However, I really cannot help you with this issue.”





Chapter 8 – The Wedding Night


Xia Qingyue did not ask again. Since even this white-robed woman with such high pedigree and exalted status was sure that it was “not possible”, then there should not be even the smallest chance of it being possible.

“Qingyue, I know you are eager in repaying your debt of gratitude since your life was saved at a young age, to even go as far as delaying your return to Frozen Cloud Asgard, but you marrying him should already be enough to repay that obligation. When you return to Frozen Cloud Asgard, your identity will be revealed. Although he may suffer more ridicule after your departure, his status of being the husband of a Frozen Cloud Asgard disciple would still be intact. At least in this little Floating Cloud City, with that kind of prestigious status, no one would dare to cause him physical harm.” The lady in white said with a comforting tone of voice.

Xia Qingyue softly nodded: “I hope so.”

“His Profound Vein is disabled and he also has no other strengths. He will never be able to achieve any accomplishments perhaps in his entire life. But you are beautiful and smart. Talents of your nature are born once every hundreds of years. Otherwise, our Lord would not have let you break the rules like that and get married. Marrying you was his greatest fortune and luck in his entire life. You taking this step is justice enough. If his father was still alive and smart enough, he would have cancelled this wedding… I have to go. I will pick you up a month later. During this period, I will not go anywhere far. If you encounter any unresolvable problems, write me a letter to keep me informed.”

“I bid teacher farewell.”

The white robed woman’s chin turned around. Suddenly, a beautiful face with a hint of coldness on it was seen. She wore no make up for her skin was as smooth as a snow white piece of jade. People cannot help but think of the terms “a beauty with flesh of ice and bones of jade” and “a face of snow with lips of pearls” to describe her as they laid their eyes upon her. Her facial features were as exquisite as they were perfect. She was charming in a way that made people unable to even dare look at her. One would think that she was as holy as she was lofty when gazing into her eyes. She was like a fairy who had ascended above Nirvana, untainted by anyone of the human realm.

She opened the window and her body slightly trembled. As if accompanied by an invisible cold ice spirit, she looked as if she had dissolved right at the place she once stood.

Xiao Clan Main Hall, a full Guest House.

“Seventh Uncle Liu, please have a drink.” Xiao Che respectfully presented a cup in front of a gentle looking middle-aged man.

The person who was called Seventh Uncle Liu stood up as he started to laugh. He raised his cup and drained it of its contents. He spoke with laughter: “My nephew, I was best friends with your father, now that I see you have formed your own family and have married to such a good wife, my heart is happy for you.”

“Thank you Seventh Uncle Liu.”

“First Elder, please have a drink.”

Xiao Clan’s First Elder Xiao Li took the cup and gulped the entire mouthful. He then heavily slammed the cup of wine onto the table. During this entire process, aside from saying “hmph” through his nose, he did not say a single word nor look Xiao Che in the eye. Even with that attitude, drinking Xiao Che’s cup of wine had already expressed the large amount of face he gave Xiao Che.

Xiao Che did not speak as well and moved to the next table. Just as he walked two steps, Xiao Li spit on the floor and opened his mouth as he spoke in a cold harsh tone of voice within Xiao Che’s hearing range: “Such a delicate flower has now been inserted into poop. Bah!”

Xiao Che’s expression remain unchanged. His consistent footsteps had not paused and it was as if he had not heard him. That was only if one did not look closely, for his eyes hardened and a deep cold condensation hid behind them.

He came over to the Second Elder, Xiao Bo’s side. Xiao Che bowed slightly: “Second Elder, Xiao Che offers you a cup.”

Xiao Bo did not bother to look Xiao Che in the eye but he opened his mouth to lightly say: “Yang dear, help me drink it.”

“Yes, Grandpa.” Xiao Yang said without hesitation. He took Xiao Che’s offer of wine and drank it all, only making a “guru” sound.

A cup of wine presented to an elder but drank by his children did not show only contempt anymore. It was a sort of public humiliation. After drinking the wine, Xiao Yang put the cup down and sat back on his seat, his eyes filled with undisguised scorn and ridicule.

Xiao Che did not say anything again. He only nodded slightly and moved on to the next table. Just like before, as soon as he took two steps, a cold grunt was heard: “Hmph, trash is trash. Even if trash climbed into Xia Clan, it is still trash. Xiao Lie that old bastard is actually going to depend on his granddaughter-in-law? Bah!”

The voice contained deep disdain, sarcasm, and of course jealousy. Even if one did not mention the wealth of the Xia Clan, if one can still brag about Xia Qingyue’s amazing talent. If she had not been married to Xiao Che but instead to his grandson Xiao Yang, his laughter that came from his dreams may actually become audible.

Xiao Che pretended to not have heard and walked away smiling.

Xiao Che finished his toast and sent out the guests. The long night of banquet was over. During this entire process, the people who displayed genuine heartfelt congratulations and best wishes were so few that Xiao Che could count them on his ten little fingers. Countless people were very polite towards him, after all today was his wedding day, but he clearly saw contempt in almost all of their eyes. Some people sighed, some people were jealous with anger. The rest had unconcealed scorn and other negative thoughts like “trash” and “worthless” written all over their faces.

His Profound Vein was disabled so it was a fact that he would not achieve any greatness during his entire lifetime because of that. So they don’t have to be friends or be polite with Xiao Che. They did not care if they offend him because even if he got offended, he could not do anything against them with his disabled Profound Vein. Before this wastrel they could be unscrupulous and not care, readily dripping in the show of their superiority. They felt strong as they look down on this person who would never become anything but one who was weaker than them.

That is the ugly reality of human nature.

“Take an early rest.” Xiao Lie patted Xiao Che on the shoulder with a gentle smile on his face.

Xiao Che did not know what was hidden under his grandpa’s smile at this time.

As Xiao Lie became older and older, his temper had become more and more gentle. But when he was young, he was like a candle that could easily be ignited. If someone made him upset, he would make that person ten times angrier and no one dared to provoke him. Xiao Che knew all too well that his grandfather’s temper did not become soft due to old age, but was instead because of him….

In order to protect his useless grandson, he had to become kind and soft. Even if they were looked down upon, as long as the bottom line had not been crossed, he would endure it as best as he could. This way, there wouldn’t be any enemies that would come back to get revenge on his grandson after he had passed away.

As the most powerful person in the Floating Cloud City, the Fifth Elder that everyone used to be afraid of, was now not respected nor feared by the other Elders anymore. This was true in the case of the younger generation as well.

Watching Xiao Lie’s back, images of disrespectful and laughing faces appeared in Xiao Che’s mind. Xiao Che clenched his fists slowly as they gradually became pale. His eyes sharpened and radiated an image of an ice-cold blade. Subsequently, the corner of his mouth slowly opened and revealed a smile that would make one’s hair stand on its end.

Xiao Che was definitely a vengeful person. As someone who held long grudges, in the last six years in Azure Cloud Continent, his heart that was filled with hatred remembered everything. He remembered everyone who had been nice to him but also all the people who had not been nice as well. He kept it in deep in his heart… until it was time to seek revenge for even the smallest of grievances.

“You guys will.… be sorry….”

A deep guttural noise slowly overflowed from Xiao Che’s mouth like a vicious curse.

Since God gave me this chance to be another person, how could I let my Grandfather and I suffer through this bullying!

Back in his little courtyard, the moon was still hanging high against the sky. Xiao Che walked to the corner of his yard and stretched out his left hand. Suddenly, water arrows shot out from his palm.

During today’s wedding, he could not avoid drinking a lot of wine. In the end, he drank so much that it looked as if he could barely stand on his own. In reality, he was actually clearly awake. This was not him having a high capacity to hold his liquor but was instead because of the Sky Poison Pearl. All the wine he had drunk transferred into the Sky Poison Pearl. Since the pearl had become one with his body, he manipulated it as if it was like his own body.

The sound of *hua lala* was heard for a long time until all the wine had been removed from the Sky Poison Pearl. Xiao Che lifted his wine-covered left hand and smirked. He rubbed the wine directly onto his face and held his breath until his face turned red. Stumbling, he pushed his bedroom door wide open as he wobbled to his left and right, as if he was drunk.

The door was pushed open and the smell of wine followed Xiao Che as he staggered into the room as if he were about to trip any second. He awkwardly lifted his head and looked at Xia Qingyue. Xia Qingyue sat on the bed with her beautiful eyes closed. It was extremely quiet. The dim candlelight flickered across her beautiful soft face, adding a bewitching mystical feel that one could not possibly resist.

Xiao Che’s eyes brightened and his feet shook as he walked towards Xia Qingyue: “Hehehehe, my wife… I have let you wait for a long time… let’s go… we can now… use the bridal chamber…”

Xia Qingyue suddenly opened her eyes and casually waved her right hand.

An irresistible cold force suddenly swept up Xiao Che and pushed him out of the door. Xiao Che fell on his bottom and had almost knocked over the stone table in the courtyard.

Xiao Che was in pain and rubbed his butt. It took him a lot of effort to get up and then he angrily roared: “Damn! I was only joking, you don’t have to be so ruthless! I am so feeble yet you hit me as hard as you could… anyone would think that you are planning to murder your husband.”

The door slammed.

Xiao Che pushed forward but discovered that the bedroom door was firmly shut.

Xiao Che suddenly became depressed… This woman, don’t even even speak of flirting, even jokes are taken so seriously! Can I really live happily this way?

“I was really only joking… Besides, I am only at the lowest 1st level of the Elementary Profound Realm. Even if I wanted to do something to you, that would be impossible.”

Xia Qingyue did not respond.

Xiao Che stood at the door for a long time but the door showed not the slightest sign of opening. Xiao Che’s small courtyard only had one housing. There was no point in mentioning if he had other rooms for he did not even own a work house nor a stable. If it was a normal day, he could sneakily slip into his little aunt’s place to sleep. But tonight was his wedding night, so it was not appropriate for him to sleep anywhere else.

As a cold night wind passed by, Xiao Che shivered and it looked as if he had become smaller. He knocked the door again and weak spoke: “Hey, you’re not really letting me sleep outside, are you? You should know that there are many people in the Xiao Clan who would want to lay their hands on you. They are very upset that tonight is our wedding night. They have realized that someone as talented as you are, would not let me touch you even if we are married, so they must be waiting for something to happen for an excuse to laugh at me. If they come over and see that I was locked outside, I would forever become a laughing stock.”

“No matter what, I am still your husband. Do you really have the heart to helplessly watch me get laughed at?”

The room was still completely silent. Right when Xiao Che had the notion of kicking the door, the closed door finally slowly opened.

Xiao Che rushed in as quick as lightning and shut the door with a *bang*.

Xia Qingyue remained in bed with the previous attitude from before. Although she was just sitting on the bed, she emitted a hazy noble elegance. Her beautiful eyes slightly turned, looked at the flustered Xiao Che and spoke in a faint voice: “You are not allowed to be within five steps from me.”

“….. Then where would you let me sleep?” Xiao Che rubbed his chin. The room was small; it only had a bed, a reading table, an eating table, and two cabinets. If one walked from east to west across the room, at most there would only be the size of seven of eight paces of distance in between.

“You sleep on the bed.” Xia Qingyue stood up from the bed.

“No need!” Xiao Che flatly refused and sat in the corner furthest away from Xia Qingyue and closed his eyes. Although Xia Qingyue was perhaps a hundred times stronger than him, his dignity as a man refused to let a girl sleep on anywhere but a bed if he had a choice.





Chapter 9 – Wife, Are You Asleep?


He had married such a beautiful wife yet on his wedding night, he could not touch, caress any part of her body, or even sleep on his own bed. He could only silently hug his knees as he leaned against a wall in the corner of his room…

Xiao Che now had really felt the maliciousness of this world.

The red candlelight reflected against this newly transformed room, making it seem lovely. The two people in red dress entered a long silence, one sat at the edge of the bed and the other huddled pitifully in the corner. The only sound heard during this dragging silence was the vague sound of their breathing.

After a while, Xiao Che finally could not help but say: “You will not….really make me stay here all night?

Xia Qingyue’s long eyelashes fluttered and the graceful curve of her body turned slightly to lie down on the bed. She released the scarlet curtain and it fell, hanging down. Xiao Che could only make out her vague blurry shadow under the dim candlelight. Suddenly, Xia Qingyue waved her hands and a cold windy breeze extinguished the two red candles simultaneously….making Xiao Che sit in the dark shadows of the room.

“……” If it wasn’t impossible for him to beat this woman, even though she was as cold as her appearance, he still would have jumped her.

“I was just joking earlier. Not only am I not drunk, I did not even drink one sip this entire afternoon…. You can’t even take a little joke, you have no sense of humor.” Xiao Che resentfully muttered.

“I knew you weren’t drunk.” Xia Qingyue replied coldly: “But I really hate men who could defecate and urinate anywhere.”

Defecate and urinate… anywhere?

Could it be… when he was trying to get the wine out of the Sky Poison Pearl?

Fuck!!

Xiao Che’s eyes widened as he jumped up from his corner: “You said that I indiscriminately urinate anywhere? Which eye did you see that with! You only heard the sound of me pouring wine! Pouring wine… pouring the wine! As a dignified man of the Xiao Clan, I would never do something as uncultured and filthy as that. You are allowed to look down on my Profound power but not insult my noble character and personality!!”

A little white after Xiao Che roared at her, he heard the leisurely sound of Xia Qingyue’s voice: “I was only joking too.”

“! # $… ” Xiao Che had almost vomited out his blood.

Depressed, Xiao Che went back to his corner and became silent again… This woman really knew how to joke around!!

Usually he would sleep comfortably in his bed but on his wedding night, he had to sleep in a corner… There was no way he could fall asleep! After holding in for a long time, Xiao Che let out his voice again: “So, when are you going back to Frozen Cloud Asgard? Tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow?”

Xia Qingyue: “!?”

Xiao Che laughed with a light expression and calmly explained: “Although I know very little about the ways of Frozen Cloud Asgard, I do know that they only accept women. Emotions of love are forbidden and they all have to be chaste. There are countless beautiful women in Frozen Cloud Asgard and I have never heard of anyone there getting married. But you married me. Looks like even among the people of Frozen Cloud Asgard, your talent and gifts are a rarity. You are perhaps a talent that they have only seen once in hundreds of years. Otherwise, why else would they break such a precedent in your favor?”

Xia Qingyue: “……”

Xiao Che raised his head and looked up at the darkness of his ceiling and continued: “For someone like you, they would do all they can to recruit you into their Frozen Cloud Asgard in the shortest time possible. There must be countless strong practitioners that study the way of the Profound that an ordinary person would never see in their entire lifetime, and countless treasures as well. Under these circumstances, your Profound power and status would sky rocket. You are probably going to leave soon, am I right?

Xia Qingyue remained silent for a long time. After a while, she answered in a vague voice: “In a month.”

“A month?” Xiao Che’s surprised expression became a smile as he lowered his head and whispered: “Thank you.”

Xia Qingyue: “?”

“You must have asked them for this month. I doubt that Frozen Cloud Asgard would willingly let you delay your recruitment and let you stay with a useless person like me against your wishes. One month is quite a long time and you are their treasured talent. In the future, you may even reach the same level and even be on par with the Lord of Frozen Cloud Asgard. Others may laugh at me, mock me, and never put me in their eyes, but someone like you who would improve to unimaginable lengths in the future, was willing to marry me. You tried to protect and maintain the pride of a laughable man like me… Although I know you are doing this to repay my late father’s kindness, I thank you just the same.”

“No need.” Xia Qingyue answered unemotionally. But her heart slightly shifted inside her as she became slightly moved by what he had said. He was not wrong at all, for even her master told her that talents like her were as rare as can be even in Frozen Cloud Asgard. Her master even said that once Xia Qingyue entered Frozen Cloud Asgard, she was confident that she could breakthrough the Profound Spirit Realm and even reach the Profound Earth Realm… A level that not even the number one practitioner in Floating Cloud City, Xiao Lie, could reach.

Reaching the Profound Earth Realm before the age of twenty… To the people of Floating Cloud City, that was an unimaginable feat.

“Before I married you, I thought you would be like all those people who hold me in contempt and ignore me, but you are better than I thought you would be. Not only are you beautiful, you are also talented and kind. As a woman, you can be considered to be flawlessly perfect.

Xia Qingyue: “……”

“Well, since you are so kind, you certainly won’t let your husband sleep in the corner on your wedding night, right? My bed is quite large and it definitely would not be crowded if two people slept on it….”

Before Xiao Che even finished his sentence, a cold and murderous aura blew across the room and he shivered. “If you keep talking rubbish, I’ll throw you out!”

Xiao Che crooked his mouth and obediently shut up as his stiff bottom bitterly went back to where he sat before.

“Somebody’s here.” Xia Qingyue suddenly exclaimed.

After a while, Xiao Che heard the soft faint sound of footsteps. If he did not deliberately try to hear it, he would never have noticed those footsteps. The owner of those footsteps seemed to have suddenly stopped in front of his courtyard. The careful footsteps stopped right in the middle of the courtyard and went no further… because in the room was the untouchable Xia Qingyue. After sneaking around the courtyard for what seemed like half a day, the owner of those footsteps left as quietly as they could, the same way they quietly snuck in.

It was night and Xiao Yulong could not sleep. He looked out his window with a frantic expression on his face from time to time.

The door opened and Xiao Yang’s hurried footsteps had come in. Xiao Yulong narrowed his eyes and asked: “How is it?”

“This…” Xiao Yang carefully looked at Xiao Yulong’s expression and spoke with great care: “I just came from Xiao Che’s place, Xiao Che seems… to not have been locked out.”

“……” Xiao Yulong’s hopeful expression dropped off his face.

Xiao Yang’s heart thumped and he hastily said: “But you don’t have to worry Boss. Xia Qingyue even views the guys from the governor’s mansion and the Yuwen family with a contemptuous disregard, how could she even like that Xiao Che of a wastrel. Although he had not been driven out, it’s probably because… because she pitied him. She probably does not want him to get laughed at…. although he is in the same room as Xia Qingyue, I doubt they are lying on the same bed. He’s probably laying on the ground right this minute… that must be it.

Xiao Yulong’s dark uncertain face cast his eyes in the direction of Xiao Che’s courtyard. He clenched his fists: “Xia Qingyue is the woman I want, and no one can meddle in my affairs! I will personally check out what had happened. Absolutely do not let him touch Xia Qingyue !!”

“Yes!” Xiao Yang quickly answered.

The small dwarf-like Xiao Che who was rolled up in a ball was still awake in the corner of his room in the middle of the night. He opened his eyes and raised his left hand to look at the center of his palm. In the darkness, there was a striking faint green light that came from the Sky Poison Pearl.

In Azure Cloud Continent, with only the power of the Sky Poison Pearl, he alone stirred the world’s wind and storms, but also incurred the wrath of the entire Azure Cloud Continent… However, this had almost used up all its poisonous power!

The Sky Poison Pearl had fused with his body to become a part of him, and he could hardly feel the presence of its usual toxicity. Before his death on his killing field, he had used the Sky Poison Pearl’s power to slaughter many strong practitioners. He had overdrawn the Sky Poison Pearl’s power and its poisonous powers ran dry… Overdrawing and exhausting are two different concepts. If exhausted, it could slowly recover. However, overdrawing directly depleted the source of the power, making it perhaps, virtually impossible to restore it to its original strength.

Today’s Sky Poison Pearl only had the most basic of detoxification, refinement, and fusion capability… of course, its storage remained as well.

With his Profound Vein disabled and the Sky Poison Pearl’s strength depleted, he would never be a viewed as an important person in this small little city.

The most intolerable fact was… that he did not even have the ability to consummate his marriage with his own wife!

If he wanted to have strength, the most basic step he should take would be first to repair his destroyed Profound Vein.

Repair his Profound Vein…

Xia Qingyue was certain that his Profound Vein could not be restored in ways an ordinary practitioner would use. But for him, this was not an impossible feat because he was the successor of a medical saint! His teacher had told him many times of the healer’s theory in medicine. When in the face of a problem, one must remember that there is cause and effect. If there is a problem, there must be a solution. If there are people suffering, there must be healers. In this world, there is no incurable disease and if people say there one, it was only the healer’s own lack of ability.

Regarding how to repair his Profound Vein, Xiao Che had been thinking about that to this very day. His Profound Vein had not been an inborn disability, but was damaged by another at birth. After growing up, his Profound Vein has now been thoroughly crippled, making him unable to even use the most conventional of methods to restore it.

In order to destroy his old disabled Profound Vein and recultivate another, he needed at least three things…

“Wife, are you asleep yet?” Xiao Che asked.

After a long period of silence, he still did not receive a response.

“Cough cough, wife you aren’t really asleep right?” Xiao Che asked again.

“My name is Xia Qingyue!” Xia Qingyue replied in a cold soft voice.

“I know your name is Xia Qingyue.” Xiao Che scratched his eyebrows and strangely asked: “Wife, I have something to ask you.”

“Call me Xia Qingyue!” She said in anger.

“Oh, okay!” Xiao Che nodded. With a poker face on, he asked: “Wife, after you go to Frozen Cloud Asgard, are you able to obtain the Seventh Profound Gem Grass, a Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, and a pellet of a beast of the Earth Profound Realm? Are you able to get a hold of those three things?”





Chapter 10 – Star Concealing Grass


The three things Xiao Che asked for made Xia Qingyue pheonix-like eyes instantly open: “What are you trying to do?.”

“Does this mean you actually have a way to get your hands on them?” Xiao Che asked hopefully, after seeing that Xia Qingyue had not immediately outright rejected him.

Xia Qingyue slightly furrowed her eyebrows, and started to slowly speak: “I have never heard of a Seventh Gem Grass but a Earth Profound Realm beast’s pellet can only be obtained after killing the beast. And how many people in the Blue Wind Empire could actually successfully hunt a beast training in the ways of the Profound? Even in Frozen Cloud Asgard, one who could do that would certainly be quite rare. And a Purple Veined Heaven Crystal is a priceless immortal treasure that even the four major sects would go crazy for! Even one would be worth more than ten years of a person’s lifetime cultivation. Those three things, don’t even mention me, even if it was the Lord seeking those things, it would still be almost impossible to obtain.”

Xiao Che’s chest heaved up and down as he closed his eyes, silent for a long time.

“What are you planning to do with those three things?” Xia Qingyue asked spontaneously.

“Repair my Profound Vein.” Replied Xiao Che.

“…I am unable to help you.” At the same time, Xia Qingyue said that, she did not believe that those three items could repair a Profound Vein. Otherwise, there was no way her master would not know this method.

Xiao Che shook his head as if it did not matter: “Those three items are not things that an ordinary person could obtain, I was only casually asking about them.” After a small pause, he spoke again in a little small voice: “Wife, after you return to Frozen Cloud Asgard, will we ever meet again?”

“Do not call me wife again! My name is Xia Qingyue!” Xia Qingyue said as her voice pitched higher and her voice got colder.

Indifferent, Xiao Che spoke in a carefree tone: “I married you and you married me. We have already bowed in the face of heaven and earth with thousands of people as our witness. We have also went through the entire wedding process. I am now your husband and you are my wife. If I don’t call you wife, what else would I call you?”

“……” Xia Qingyue became speechless. After a while, she indifferently spoke: “Whatever, suit yourself.”

Xiao Che suddenly grinned broadly… this wife was untouchable, but had no conversational skills!

“You still haven’t answered my previous question… When you return to Frozen Cloud Asgard, will we meet again?” Xiao Che asked again.

“No.” Xia Qingyue replied.

“Good!” Xiao Che nodded his head and leaned his head against the wall as he closed his eyes: “In fact, you should return to Frozen Cloud Asgard as early as possible and not have to worry about me. For someone as talented as you are, you should not stay in this little Floating Cloud City and also not be tied down by me. When you leave, your status of being a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard would become public. At least in this Floating Cloud City, no one would dare to hurt me and I would live more comfortably… Oh right, you should not have any objections about my opinion?”

“….As you wish.” Xia Qingyue said, expressionless.

“Mmm, this is more like it, since you would never see me again. If you do not let me get a concubine, I might really divorce you.”

The forgiving Xia Qingyue’s heart was as calm as water but she had a spontaneous urge to kick him out of the room.

At the same time, she suddenly saw Xiao Che stand up and walk to the door. She hurriedly asked: “Where are you going?”

“Can’t sleep, I’m going out to watch the stars.” As Xiao Che answered her question, his heart groaned… This woman, how about you squat down here in the middle of the night. Let’s see if you can sleep that way!

Xia Qingyue did not speak anymore and Xiao Che opened the door as he proceeded to walk outside.

It was in the middle of the night and all was still. Standing in the middle of the courtyard, Xiao Che looked at the sky full of stars with a determined expression in his eyes. However, deep inside, he was at a loss with an unsettling and perplexing unease.

Today was the first day he had been reborn. Although his mind had changed greatly if compared to the past, with a change that could even be said to have turned the world upside down, even his strong mind could not find a way to get out of his current damaged Profound Vein situation.

If he could obtain the Seventh Gem Grass, Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, and the pellet of an Earth Profound Realm’s beast, he would have more than a 50% success rate when repairing his Profound Vein. However, with his current ability, to even get one of the three items he needed as prohibitively difficult.

After all, only the strong were respected in this world. Without enough power, achieving what one wants was but only just an illusion.

What was he suppose to do…

Suddenly, a slight throbbing sensation came from Xiao Che’s left hand. He subconsciously raised his left hand and saw impressive glimmers of rapid flashing faint light come from the Sky Poison Pearl’s pattern in his palm.

Xiao Che’s eyes contracted as he turned around, facing north.

“This is….”

In addition to being poisonous and having a strong refining capability, the Sky Poison Pearl had an additional ability. It had the special kind of ability that could sense nearby toxic medicinal herb ingredients! If within a certain distance from a highly toxic ingredient or drug, it would perceive where it would be, emit flashing light, and point in it’s target’s location… but it’s prerequisite was that the material must be one of the highest of qualities. The level of sensing that the Sky Poison Pearl had was unrivaled. If compared, the highest level that a person could reach achieve would not even reach that of the Sky Poison Pearl’s. On the Azure Cloud Continent, the Sky Poison Pearl had only flashed six times, each time letting him find the rarest of the most exotic treasures!

Although this was its first day on the Sky Profound Continent, the Sky Poison Pearl actually had such an induction! Even this place hid a secret hidden treasure?

The Sky Poison Pearl’s targeted direction was to the north… which was the direction of Xiao Clan’s mountain.

Xiao Che had his own little courtyard, it’s location could be said to be the most dangerous out of all the Xiao Clan’s property. This is because over his courtyard walls, laid the mountains. This mountain was still actually the private property of the Xiao Clan. The occasional wandering low level Profound beast would break into the courtyard by climbing over it’s walls. And if one wanted to come from the back of the mountain and sneak in to make this area it’s own, that would be a very good choice. However, in the face of the Xiao Clan’s power in Floating Cloud City, no one has ever dared to have done that to this very day.

Xiao Che did not hesitate and directly climbed over the wall. Although his Profound strength was low, climbing over a wall of three meters was no problem.

The mountain area was quiet and somber, and if it was the previous Xiao Che, he absolutely would not come here in the middle of the night. The moon in the sky was still hanging up high and the countless stars there were also not that dim. Xiao Che glanced all around him and when he was sure there was no one in sight, he tread softly in the direction the Sky Poison Pearl was pointing toward.

The mountain under the light of the moon seemed to be shrouded in a thin layer of mist, making it seem both mysterious and dangerous. Not long after, Xiao Che arrived at the foot of the mountain. In this place, the Sky Poison Pearl’s flickering light was at it’s highest frequency. Xiao Che stopped and wondered… was it around here? But this was clearly only the foot of the mountain area. Xiao Clan pharmacists must pass through here everyday so how could it even grow here? Whether it be a heavenly treasure or a somewhat decent type of medicine, it would have been found already; why would it wait for him to find it for harvest.

However, the Sky Poison Pearl had indeed reached this rapid frequency which meant that the target would be at least ten footsteps away.

In the moonlight, Xiao Che’s brow tightened as his eyes slowly and carefully searched every inch of the land around him.

Under normal circumstances, the more precious the medicinal herb was, the more dangerous and extreme the place it grew would be. At first glance, this area at the foot of the mountain was covered entirely in weeds and Xiao Che could not help but be tempted to suspect that there was a problem with the Sky Poison Pearl’s natural sense.

As his eyes carefully scanned the ground in a circle, aside from only weeds, Xiao Che could not find even the most common of medicinal herbs. Right when he was about to give up, his eyes suddenly landed on a place with some kind of indistinct variety.

The Xiao Che of today had a sharp intuition. He raised his head and looked in the direction of the uncomfortable feeling that he suddenly felt for the first time in this world. There was a mass amount of weeds there as well, but a certain weed at the edge of a rock that had not been trampled had caught his attention. Xiao Che walked to the rock’s side and squatted down next to it and stared at the mass of weeds for a long time. Firmly locked in the middle of all those weeds were… smaller weeds with a tenacious amount of vitality. Without interference, one can say that they are clinging on to dear life by rooting at every opening available. In the middle of those untrampled weeds was an even smaller chasm. The hole was very small for only two blades of grass grew there. However, if one looked closely, it was apparent that the grass there was significantly different than that of the other weeds around them.

A gust of the gentle night breeze blew by, swaying the small weeds in the area. At this time, Xiao Che’s eyes had been firmly locked onto the small hole and suddenly saw the bizarre form of those two blades of grass… they appeared in a blink of an eye and then disappeared, without a trace.

Xiao Che’s eyes widened and he was suddenly filled with ecstasy. He quickly stretched out his left palm that contained the Sky Poison Pearl towards the little hole. Under the faint green light, the two blades of grass slowly appeared again.

“Star Concealing Grass! It really is Star Concealing Grass! And there were even two of them!” Xiao Che excited growled in a low voice as he lowered his left hand with the intention of uprooting them. The Sky Poison Pearl flashed and the two blades of Star Concealing Grass were recovered, in the palm of Xiao Che’s hand.

The high quality the medicinal herb was, the harder it was to harvest for even the slightest mistake during harvesting may cause damage to the materials and lower it’s efficiency or even complete destroy it’s effectiveness. But with the Sky Poison Pearl, no matter how complicated the herb, one had no need to worry. The Sky Poison Pearl could harvest a herb without bringing any possible harmful side effects by using it’s aura, completely wrapping around a herb without any sort of spiritual power leakage.

“Instead of saying that it was a surprise, it’s better to say that this was a miracle!” Looking at the two blades of Star Concealing Grass that were partly hidden in the palm of his hand, Xiao Che’s arm quivered in excitement. In his entire twenty-four year life, he had traveled almost everywhere on the Azure Cloud Continent and only found one Star Concealing Grass. However, on only the first day that he came to the Profound Sky Continent, he had actually found two! And it was in his own family’s back mountains!

One could say that there was no difference when comparing the differences between a Star Concealing Grass and the common weed, for it was almost impossible to differentiate between the two even if one tried. At the same time, it had a very unusual ability… it could become invisible! In a way, it meant that if one wanted to find one, it would be even more difficult to do. His teacher had once told him that the Star Concealing Grass was an treasure of the heavens and earth, but there were few who knew of it’s existence. The amount of people who had the ability to identify it were no more than five in the Azure Cloud Continent. In addition, the only thing in the world can could completely refine this heavenly treasure was the one and only Sky Poison Pearl!

“This is truly the heaven’s grace assisting me. Owning these two blades of Star Concealing Grass is equivalent to having a surefire trump card! After refining them into Star Concealing Pills, my life would be insured even if I wanted to kill or rob people… I could do whatever I wanted to!” Xiao Che laughed as he clenched the Star Concealing Grass in the palm of his hand and sent it into the interspatial storage within the Sky Poison Pearl.

The flashing light that came from the Sky Poison Pearl stopped completely after he did that. The happy Xiao Che no longer had a reason to linger any longer and turned to go back home. As he was turning around, a cold light suddenly flashed in the corner of his eye.

Xiao Che’s stopped in his tracks to turn in the direction of the cold light. In the not too dim moonlight, he saw a vague blurry mass less than fifty meters north of him. It was an obscure white shadow.

What was it?





Chapter 11 – The Red Haired Girl


If it was a normal person, even with a decent amount of Profound strength, one would still not dare venture forward in this scenario. But Xiao Che did not hesitate one bit as he walked directly toward that abnormal mass of white shadow.

As he gradually approached, he suddenly discovered that it was actually a person! A very quiet person was lying there!

“Who are you?” When he saw that the blurry image was that of a human, Xiao Che stopped walking and asked.

The silhouette did not respond and there was not even a single tiny bit of breathing movement coming from it.

Had this person fainted? Or had… died?

Who was this guy? Why did this person collapse here? Wait! If this person had fallen in the daytime, someone would have already come upon this individual. Yet it seemed as if Xiao Che was the first to discover this guy, which meant that this person had only appeared here just now… The earliest time would be after night completely fell.

Xiao Che did not hesitate and quickly walked closer.

As he came before the body in front of him, he stared at the figure while in a daze, under the moonlight.

This was actually a… girl!

The girl looked to be either twelve or thirteen years old and wore a messy dress. Her daintily cute and petite body was curled up like a frightened kitten. Below her skirt’s hem revealed two slender snow white legs but upon closer scrutiny, there was actually a distribution of little fine scars. She wore one black shoe on her foot, with the other shoe no where in sight. Her naked foot was like a delicate ice lotus and her exquisite toes were as clear and translucent as a jade carving.

The most striking detail on her body was her hair. It was unexpectedly like that of an evil demon’s uncanny bright red color! The cold flash of light saw in the corner of his eye was actually the reflection of her head.

A girl? How could a girl be here? And how could it be possible that she had that many scars on her body?

What was the reasoning behind her hair color? Did the Profound Sky Continent have people who were born with such red hair?

Xiao Che bent over and stretched out his hand to gently shake the girl’s shoulder: “Little girl, little…”

Xiao Che’s voice suddenly stopped after he cried out in surprise. As quick as lightning, he retrieved his hands back from the girl’s shoulders. This was because through her thin clothes, her body was completely cold, without the heat that a living person should have. The most shocking feeling of all was when he came in contact with the girl’s body, it emitted an extremely poisonous aura.

Yes! It was highly noxious… to a point that it scared him, for it was a kind poison that had the highest level of toxicity he had ever met, far exceeding that of all the poison knowledge he acquired from his past world! It was so terrible that once his hands came in contact, all the hairs on his body stood erect.

At the same time he backed away, Xiao Che startled in surprise yet again. The weed and vegetation around the girl under the presence of the moonlight was not dark because of the lack of light. It was not dark green… but rather a horrible black burnt color! Even the land around her had become a pitch black.

Xiao Che’s heart thumped in piercing terror. If it weren’t for the Sky Poison Pearl’s all purpose poison detoxification in his body, the instant he touched the girl’s body, he would have had already been poisoned to death.

In this world, how could there be such a terrible poison? The most malicious of all poisons, wasn’t that the Sky Poison Pearl? Even back in the days when I used the Sky Poison Pearl, it did not release such a horrible toxin! In fact, it was by far lower!

Could it be that in this world there is something even more poisonous than the Sky Poison Pearl?

How did this little girl have such a terrible poison within her? And why was she lying in this area?

Numerous doubts surfaced in Xiao Che’s mind but it was undoubtable that this little girl was dead. With this kind of severe poison, not even mentioning this little girl, even a strong Sky Profound Realm practitioner would die instantly.

Xiao Che took a deep breath and after a slight hesitation, he again put his hand on the girl’s shoulder and slowly turned her lifeless body over. Under the moonlight, the girl’s face appeared in his light of sight. He froze in shock as he looked at her, as if he had lost his soul, unable to return back to reality…

“How can there be… such a beautiful girl… .” Xiao Che’s soul let out an uncontrollable tremorous cry.

This girl was so beautiful, a monstrous beauty, so beautiful that she could probably steal souls. If he was not seeing her with his own eyes, he would never have believed that such a young girl could unexpectedly release such thrilling charm.

As red as a demon, a face of white jade, each of her facial features were all beautiful to the extreme and all of them combined together made her unbelievably perfect. Xiao Che could not find any words to describe this girl’s exquisite appearance. He was obviously looking at her from a close distance but in his heart, he felt as if she was an illusion come to life… because in his subconscious mind, he did not dare to imagine that there existed someone in this world who had such a perfect face.

Xia Qingyue was the number one beauty in Floating Cloud City and even in the Blue Wind Empire, there probably wasn’t anyone that could compare to her. However, when Xiao Che saw this girl’s face, he was stunned, as if his soul had been punched heavily. He never would have thought that he would be so strong effected to the depths of his soul by only a person’s face.

She only looked like twelve to thirteen at the moment. If she grew up to the age that Xia Qingyue was at… that would be simply unimaginable! Maybe then, she could cause chaos with only just a smile.

But such a beautiful girl was killed by a toxin that a poison expert like Xiao Che had never seen before, and she had died on the land of the Xiao Clan. Xiao Che could not figure out what poison it was and why it was here…he only felt that it was such a misfortune. It was unfortunate that this beautiful girl had been so brutally destroyed.

What kind of people would actually be cruel enough to have the heart to kill such a beautiful girl!

Xiao Che looked at the contaminated black vegetation and land around him. He hesitated for a moment but still ended up stretching out his left hand to press his palm against the girl’s cold chest. The Sky Poison Pearl then quickly started to detoxify the poison in her body. This was the Xiao Clan’s back mountain. Judging from the power of the poison in her body, if it continued to spread, the entire mountain could end up a dead mountain. Although the Sky Poison Pearl’s power had almost disappeared, it still had the ability to detoxify poisons. The Sky Poison Pearl in his palm continued to shine, purifying the poison in the girl’s body. Soon after, Xiao Che felt a slight fluctuation in the girl’s chest and saw the girl slowly open her eyes… one by one….

She had a pair of exceptionally very black demonic-looking eyes that flashed mysteriously as she blinked. As Xiao Che met her eyes, he felt a horror equal to that of falling down a deep abyss… that gave his heart a fright! This girl who was extremely poisonous, without any breath, and had a deathly cold body… had now opened her eyes!

The girl reached out her right hand slowly and firmly seized Xiao Che’s left wrist when he was still in shock. She moved her lips and let out a voice.. the voice clearly said…..

“Sky… Poison… Pearl…”

Xiao Che’s quivered as if hit by an earthquake.. He could not believe his ears! Sky Poison Pearl was an object brought here by him from the Azure Cloud Continent, it did not exist in the Sky Profound Continent… but this girl had just said the name Sky Poison Pearl! Did he hear that wrong? Or was it just a coincidence?

“Little girl, you……ah!!”

Followed by the sound of Xiao Che’s sharp moaning pain, the girl opened her lips and firmly bit on his left finger.

Blood then started to stream down Xiao Che’s middle and index finger, all flowing into the girl’s mouth, without a drop on the ground. Alarmed, Xiao Che tried to pull his hand back… Although the girl’s little snow white hand looked delicate, her grip was as strong as iron as she bit him while holding his hand tight. Xiao Che had used his full strength but he was unable to withdraw his hand. His eyes gradually widened as he felt as if all the blood in his body flowed to his left hand by an irresistible force, to then end up being sucked into the girl’s mouth.

She’s… sucking my… blood!?

The girl closed her sinister dark eyes and sucked on his finger greedily, like an infant drinking milk.

Who was this girl…

This girl had obviously been poisoned to a deadly degree, yet she left him unable to break free of her grasp. After desperately trying to pry himself free many times, he finally gave up as he helplessly watched her suck his blood.

Xiao Che was already born with a weak body but after losing such a huge amount of blood, his head started to feel dizzy. As he wondered if his blood would be sucked dry by this unknown girl, the pain from his left hand finger suddenly disappeared, and the hand that tightly gripped his wrist had slowly loosened.

Xiao Che stepped back, looking at the perfect girl with a dark expression, who was just sucking his blood. But after a while, the girl didn’t do anything, just like when Xiao Che first saw her, she was just laying there with her eyes closed and no breathes.

Xiao Che took a few steps back and looked at the perfect girl with a dark expression on his face. Just now, the girl had been clearly sucking his blood but after a while, the girl did not move at all, looking just like the time Xiao Che first met her. She was just quietly lying there with her eyes closed, soundlessly and breathlessly.

Hu………..

A cold gust of night wind went by, brushing against Xiao Che’s back and the girl’s body. In the cold wind, the girl’s body scattered with the wind like mist, completely vanishing from sight, leaving only a broken white skirt, a pair of black princess shoes, and a red butterfly clip.

Xiao Che: “! ! ! !”

Disappeared!?

A weird sensation came from his left palm. His heart immediately shivered with an astonished expression. He then closed his eyes and spiritually moved his conscious into the space within the Sky Poison Pearl.

The green interspatial storage within the Sky Poison Pearl was suppose completely empty.

When he entered inside this time, he saw a quiet floating snow white jade body in front of him.

Xiao Che widened his eyes as he used his hand to cover his nose for the first time in his life.

This girl was that little girl who had sucked his blood. The only difference was that she had not a strand of thread on her body and her entirely naked body appeared in front of his eyes

Her eyes were closed tight and her snow-like face was tranquil. Her long bloody hair fell down, dancing by itself without the slightest breeze. Her skin were as tenderly smooth, moist, and as white as an infant’s, with delicate baby fat. The girl’s eyebrows were like emerald feathers, her waist was thin, and her legs were daintily straight, as if made of jade. Although she was young, her upper body had considerably matured. Her snow white breasts were like two jade pearls on her perfect body, as soft as the springtime shoots of bamboo. A beautiful breathtaking sight.

This was a body that was still not matured yet, but there was still the release of a stunning charm that would steal souls in her immaturity. It was as if all the beauty in the world had been mustered inside this body of ultimate perfection.

Xiao Che used his will to concentrate as hard as he could to move his eyes away from her body. He turned around while still clutching his nose. The instant he saw the girl’s body, he felt as if his blood would flow upwards. He believed that if he continued to watch her, his blood would definitely spurt out.

Why was she not wearing clothes…

No! That wasn’t the main point !!

She had clearly disappeared before so how did she suddenly appear inside his Sky Poison Pearl! The Sky Poison Pearl had fused with his body so I should be the only one who could control it. How could she appear in here without my command….

Was it… because she sucked my blood?

What the hell was going on?

Xiao Che’s brain became a total mess. Even with his two lifetime’s worth of academic experience, he was unable to understand what had happened.





Chapter 12 – If You Weren’t My Little Aunt


Xiao Che withdrew his consciousness from the Sky Poison Pearl and picked up the girl’s clothes from the ground. He purified the poison on them before sending the clothes back into the Sky Poison Pearl, then quickly covered the girl’s body with them before letting out a small sigh of relief.

What kind of person was this girl really? Why did she appear here? Why did she suck his blood? How did she know about the Sky Poison Pearl? And how did she enter the Sky Poison Pearl?

Xiao Che could not think up of an answer for any of these questions.

He silently watched this girl for a long time and then stretched out a hand to lightly touch her upper lip. His fingertips immediately felt a tiny bit of warmth, a contrast to the earlier icy coldness. A weak breath could also be felt, evenly brushing against his fingertips.

These were all signs of life.

“Little sister?” Xiao Che called, shaking her body.

No matter what the time, a woman’s appearance was her strongest bargaining chip and most powerful weapon. If this girl wasn’t as beautiful as a fairy, but instead horrendously ugly to a point that one would throw up for three days with just a glance, Xiao Che would absolutely, without hesitation, kick her out from the Sky Poison Pearl. But this girl was not only thoroughly shrouded in mystery, but had also just then bit his finger and forcefully sucked his blood, causing his body to break out in a cold sweat. She even strangely appeared within the Sky Poison Pearl. However, when Xiao Che looked at her, rather than the previous sense of danger, he instead felt an undeniable sense of pity. This was because this girl was such a beauty, so beautiful that it was impossible for anyone to associate her with the word “danger”.

Rather than a man’s natural instinct, it was more appropriate to say that this would be countless men’s most base of nature.

Xiao Che shouted for a long time, but the girl did not respond at all. He stepped back a few paces and then silently gazed at her.

This girl was definitely not normal… Xiao Che thought to himself. From the scars that were on her body, and her ripped up clothing, it was easy to see that the poison on her body wasn’t accidentally spilled, but rather forcefully applied by someone else. For this young girl, the most ordinary poison would have been enough to kill her, but her enemy instead used a poison so strong that it alarmed even him.

The person able to use this kind of poison was definitely a very frightening person.

What was even more frightening was that, even with her entire body covered in this poison, she still had not died yet!!

Then, what should he do with her? Should he just let her quietly sleep inside the Sky Poison Pearl?

Xiao Che pondered for a long time before silently leaving the Sky Poison Pearl, leaving the girl inside. Although this girl had just then sucked his blood, it seemed to be an unconscious behavior. A girl this beautiful, how could she possibly be evil? If he took a step back to think about it, at such a young age, how could she become a threat?

He also had no idea when she’ll wake up.

After purifying the poison on the ground to the best of his ability, Xiao Che started to leave. In the dead of night, he could only hear his own footsteps. When he was only about a hundred steps from the Xiao clan’s back wall, he suddenly saw a shadow walk directly towards him.

His footsteps suddenly stopped as he looked ahead… Who was sneaking out here this late?

The shadow in front of him also discovered him and stopped, vigilantly asking, “Who is it?”

This voice caused Xiao Che to immediately stare, involuntarily saying: “Little Aunt?”

“Ah?” The shadow let out a quiet gasp, then quickly ran over. Coming closer, the moonlight revealed a dainty but charmingly elegant cheek. It was precisely Xiao Lingxi. Upon clearly seeing Xiao Che, she opened her eyes wide. “Xiao Che? Why are you here?”

“I…” Xiao Che scratched his head. “I couldn’t sleep, so I came out to stargaze.”

“Stargaze? Tonight is your wedding night, you aren’t with your Xia Qingyue consummating… consummating your marriage, but instead came out here to stargaze?!” Xiao Lingxi grabbed Xiao Che’s arm, an angry pout on her face. “Don’t you know that it’s dangerous here? From time to time, profound beasts will come out, and when it’s this dark, sometimes bandits will come here. What would happen if you carelessly ran into them? I have told you many times now, if I or your grandfather aren’t by your side, you absolutely can’t come out here, even if it’s during the day. You actually… did not listen to my words!”

As she talked, Xiao Lingxi also angrily pinched Xiao Che’s arm as punishment.

“Ah! It hurts, it hurts!” Xiao Che hurriedly yelled and then apologetically said, “Little aunt, I know I’m in the wrong, next time I definitely won’t dare.”

“You want there to be a next time?!” Xiao Lingxi glared at him with her beautiful eyes.

“… There definitely won’t be a next time! If I want to come to the rear mountains in the future, I definitely will call for little aunt to come with me.” Xiao Che solemnly vowed. With that said, if it weren’t for his extra life’s worth of memories, he definitely wouldn’t dare to come out to this place alone at night.

“That’s more like it… There’s not allowed to be a next time!”

“Then… Little aunt, why did you come here? It’s this late already.” Xiao Che asked, confused.

“I…” Xiao Lingxi’s voice lowered, her eyes appearing a bit hollow. “I don’t know why, but I couldn’t sleep tonight. Then I saw that the stars were really bright tonight, so I wanted to come to the rear mountains to take a look.”

Xiao Che looked up at the sky, then said with a smile, “In the past, little aunt and I would frequently sneak out here at night to enjoy the evening wind and look at the stars… And would frequently get caught and scolded by grandfather.”

“Hm.” Xiao Lingxi responded, then quietly said, “I also thought about that, so I thought I’d see how it felt to come out by myself to stargaze… Because in the future, I might not be able to stargaze with little Che.”

“Ah? Why?”

“Stupid! Because little Che is married! In the future, you should be accompanying your wife, Qingyue, to bed at night, rather than coming out to enjoy the evening wind and stargaze.” Xiao Lingxi coldly glanced at him and then pouted for some reason.

“That’s not true! As long as little aunt is willing, no matter when, I would willingly come here with little aunt to stargaze… See! Aren’t I doing that with you right now?” Xiao Che said with a smile.

“You’re still saying that! Sneaking to the rear mountains during your wedding night… Ah! You weren’t forced out here by Xia Qingyue, were you?” Upon thinking of that, Xiao Lingxi’s face filled with rage and she stamped her feet: “Hmph! That’s too excessive, I’m going to go find her!”

“You don’t need to worry about her.” Xiao Che grabbed Xiao Lingxi’s hand. “I wasn’t forced out here by her. I came out by myself. Maybe I just carelessly predicted that I’d meet little aunt here… come on, let’s go to that place.”

“Ah…”

Leading Xiao Lingxi by the hand, Xiao Che jogged through the cool evening wind towards that familiar place.

This was a small hilltop covered by soft and tender grass. Xiao Che and Xiao Lingxi leaned against each other shoulder to shoulder, bathing in the occasional evening wind, their hearts at peace.

“I thought that after little Che got married, I would lose a large part of you. Xia Qingyue is so beautiful, better than me in every aspect. I was afraid that once you had her, you would always stay at her side, leaving me with less and less time with you.” Looking at the night sky, Xiao Lingxi’s eyes overflowed with a wavering light that was even brighter than the stars.

“Little aunt really didn’t believe my words at all.” Xiao Che bitterly replied, “I clearly said this morning that in my heart, one hundred Xia Qingyue’s won’t compare to little aunt. Little aunt forced me… Er, wait no, promised with me. I firmly remember, and will definitely willingly comply…”

“After I marry Xia Qingyue, I won’t forget about little aunt just because I have a wife. I’ll spend the same amount of time with little aunt like before, I will listen to little aunt’s calls and would arrive as soon as I’m called just like before. And lastly, although Xia Qingyue is now my wife, in my heart, she definitely won’t outweigh little aunt… I guarantee that I remembered every word right!”

“…” Xiao Lingxi had a dumbfounded expression on her face and the look in her eyes blurred. “I know that was a bit excessive. I was just… just playing around. You really kept it in your heart all along?”

“Of course.” Xiao Che nodded without hesitation. “Because little aunt and grandfather are the most important people in my life. Other people can’t compare. Little aunt, I promise you, even though I’m now married, you won’t ever lose me, just like I hope to never lose you.”

“Hehe…” Xiao Lingxi happily smiled, her hands hugging Xiao Che’s arm. She rested her head on his shoulder. “As expected, my little Che is the most well behaved, most obedient.”

A dark cloud floated through the sky, temporarily blocking the full moon, immediately dimming the surrounding lighting.

“Now that I think about it, it’s been a long time… no, it seems like it’s been quite a few months since we came out here to stargaze together. When we were little, whether it was winter or summer, we would frequently sneak out here. I remember one winter night, at this very spot, of course the sky was filled with many stars. We watched for a long time, then accidentally fell asleep against each other… Turns out that it unexpected snowed that night, and we were frozen while sleeping. When father found us, we had already become two little snowmen. Afterwards, we only recovered after staying next to the stove for two days and drinking a lot of bitter medicine. Father was really angry, but was reluctant to spank me, not to mention you. So after we got better, he made us shovel a large patch of snow as punishment.”

Xiao Che continued with a smile, “And then, we only shoveled for a bit before we started playing in the snow. We even made a big snowman that really looked like grandfather. He didn’t know whether he should laugh or cry. Once he started laughing, he completely forgot about our punishment.”

“Uh huh! Father was always like that. He usually looks really fierce, but he could never bring himself to spank us even once and would only put on a show to scare us. No matter what, as long as we threw even a small tantrum, he would obediently listen to us.” Xiao Lingxi’s face was full of warm laughter.

“One time wasn’t like that.” Xiao Che’s smile became vague. “On my twelfth birthday, when you were eleven, grandfather got you a small courtyard, and forbid you from sleeping together with me in the future. I remember you would beg Grandfather every day, crying and shouting, and even angrily stopped eating. But grandfather was extremely unyielding. No matter what he wouldn’t let you sleep in the same bed with me… as time passed by, you could only obediently follow his order.”

“That… That’s because I was really young, and had a lot of things that I didn’t understand!” Xiao Lingxi lightly pinched Xiao Che’s shoulder. “Some girl things I only learned after growing up, hmph.”

“What things?” Xiao Che widely opened his eyes, his face full of suspicion.

“That… That boys and girls can’t sleep together after they grow up! I can’t believe you didn’t know!” Thinking about what had happened before, Xiao Lingxi added another sentence: “Also, they can’t randomly kiss like when they were little!”

“Ah, so it’s like that…” Xiao Che glanced at Xiao Lingxi lovely cheek, dyed jade under the bright and beautiful starlight. He quietly leaned closer: “But, I always want to kiss you, what should I do?”

“Then marry me!” Xiao Lingxi replied with a proud face, her pink cheeks raising slightly,

“If you weren’t my little aunt, I would definitely marry you,” Xiao Che said without thinking.

“…”

After saying that, Xiao Che immediately stared blankly ahead. Xiao Lingxi’s expression also froze as she vacantly stared at him… as if they had both been struck dumb.





Chapter 13 – The Dangerous Haze


“Um… Little aunt, why are you looking at me with such a strange expression?” Suddenly realizing that the atmosphere had become a bit awkward, Xiao Che held his breath for a while before cautiously asking.

Only then did Xiao Lingxi’s beautiful eyes, which had a dazed look for a long time, tremble slightly. She hastily wrested her gaze away and lowered her head, softly spitting out: “Aren’t you afraid that your wife Qingyue will hear those words that you said just now?”

Xiao Che put on a show of looking around, and then innocently said: “It doesn’t seem like there’s anyone around us, so what are you afraid of? But even if she did hear me, I still don’t have anything to fear. You did not know that she actually doesn’t sincerely want to marry me, and I also do not really want to be married to her. If it was little aunt though, I…”

“Don’t talk… Don’t keep talking!”

Xiao Lingxi reached out her hand and forcefully pressed them against his lips, firmly sealing his next words. Only after a long time did she release him, once again resting her body against Xiao Che’s shoulder, peacefully saying: “Little Che, even though I’m younger than you by a year, I am truly, without a doubt, your little aunt. There are some words that you can say to other girls, that you can not say to me… In this lifetime… you can not say them… I know in your heart, you really think like this… but that’s enough…”

At the last two sentences, Xiao Lingxi’s voice had become very, very quiet. Within her muttering contained a sense of bitterness and sadness that would break the heart of anyone listening.

Xiao Che’s heart also heavily shook. He didn’t say anything else, closed his eyes, and peacefully listened to the breathing and heartbeat of the girl beside him.

“When I was young, I was thin, dark, and short. Everyone called me an ugly duckling and always made fun of me, bullied me…” Xiao Lingxi snuggled against him, a dreamy voice escaping from her mouth: “Only you would play with me. When someone bullied me, little Che would always rush up to fight with them and chase them away. You were always covered in cuts and bruises… The injuries you received at that time were all because of me. I got used to, and also enjoyed the feeling of little Che’s protection. I believed that you would always be able to protect me this way…”

Xiao Lingxi’s words reminded Xiao Che of the younger Xiao Lingxi. At that time, she truly was thin, dark, and short as she had just described, in every sense an “ugly duckling”. But because she was his little aunt, as a man, and also because he was older than her by a year, he would always, as if it was his mission, protect her with all his might…Who could have thought that this young woman would become very different from the little girl she once was. The once ugly duckling had transformed into today’s beauty. Who knows how many young men of the Xiao Clan would watered at the mouth while longing for her.

(TL: Idiom – “this girl changed eighteen times between childhood and her coming of age”)

“Afterwards, little Che found out that his profound veins were deformed. I started to bitterly cultivate my profound strength right away… because it was my turn to protect little Che. At that time, I thought whether it was little Che protecting me, or me protecting little Che, it was all one and the same. Either way we could be together… It wasn’t until I slowly grew up that I understood. That little Che would find a wife, and that I would also have to get married. By that time, we absolutely could not be as we were before… In addition, out of all the girls in the world, the only one little Che could not marry was me… Out of all the boys in the world, the only one that I could not marry was little Che…”

Xiao Che: “……”

“After such a long time, I thought I had already completely accepted it. Today little Che got married. I should be really happy, but from morning to evening, it was like something had been stuffed in my heart. It was an indescribable pain. When I wanted to sleep, I couldn’t fall asleep, no matter what I did… And little Che, when you said those kinds of words to me… I was somewhat happy, yet also really sad… What has happened to me?”

Xiao Che’s stomach heavily lurched. While he still had not spoken at this time, he also had no idea what he should say.

The dangerously hazy feeling between him and Xiao Lingxi was born a long time ago. When they became conscious of these kinds of dangerous, forbidden feelings, they still stayed together night and day, but never had even a bit of honest conversation about it. Rather, in their hearts, they blamed it on familial affection.

The him without the lifetime of memories from Azure Cloud Continent had a cowardly and self-abased personality. Even until death, he would only try to escape the words that were impossible for him to say it out loud. Until those kinds of feelings were completely buried. Xiao Lingxi… had not revealed her feelings, before today, even once. But the Xiao Che of today was not the Xiao Che from yesterday and he said those earth shattering words. In response, the indecisive Xiao Lingxi, at this isolated rear mountain hilltop in the depth of night, had let out her insuppressible feelings that she was forbidden to say.

Xiao Che’s heart began to beat at an erratic pace. As he inhaled this enrapturing girl’s fragrance, he extended his right arm, lightly embracing Xiao Lingxi’s body. Xiao Lingxi’s body quivered slightly, but did not resist. She closed her eyes, quietly nestling on top of him with her entire body weight.

The girl’s lovely body was soft, as if without bones, was like warm, fragrant and soft jade. Her tender and satiny skin, though separated by a few layers of clothing, could still cause a person’s soul shake. Xiao Che did not dare to embrace her too strongly, afraid that he would carelessly frighten or hurt her. However, immediately, he felt a pair of jade like arms stealthily wrap around his back, taking the initiative to hold him closer and closer. A gust of faint, aromatic scent from an unknown place also entered his nose and then continued deep into his heart.

Xiao Lingxi’s willingness dissolved the hesitation in Xiao Che’s heart. He extended his left arm to embrace her slender waist, but his mind suddenly froze. His arm’s destination had accidentally changed. Upon landing, the feeling of a soft and warm lump was transmitted to his hand.

“Ah….”

Xiao Lingxi’s mouth let out a moan. Xiao Che’s mind was a mess. He immediately wanted to remove his hand, but Xiao Lingxi’s soft, jade arm rested on top of the hand that had grabbed her first. At first, Xiao Che thought she wanted to swat away the hand that had accidentally violated her, but… her jade like hand only grasped his palm and rested there, not moving away, but not allowing him to flail about. Between these proudly towering breasts, Xiao Che still could clearly feel her wild heartbeat.

The sound of Xiao Lingxi’s breath was rough and heavy. A blush had long ago extended from her face to her snow colored jade neck. She tightly closed her eyes and burrowed her head against his chest, completely motionless, as if trying hard to prove that she had already fallen asleep.

Xiao Che also closed his eyes, completely still and completely silent, the two of them peacefully cuddling against each other. At this point, neither of them were willing to talk… for that would break this completely undisturbed dream.

The night had grown deeper. When Xia Qingyue found them, they were still the same position, but had fallen into a deep sleep.

Xia Qingyue had come out to look for Xiao Che. She originally thought he had just left to take a breath of fresh air. While he was out “taking a breath of fresh air”, she had also left the bed and laid out the blanket in that corner so that he could safely sleep there upon his return. But after waiting a long time, he still had not come back.

Instead, from the direction of the earlier sounds, he seemed to have climbed over the wall toward the Xiao clan’s rear mountains.

With his weak profound strength at only the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm, he had gone to the rear mountains, for such a long time without coming back, in the middle of the night… Xia Qingyue finally was unable to hold back and came out to look for him. Thus, letting her witness this scene before her, that caused her to stare dumbfoundedly.

Today was her and Xiao Che’s first day as a married couple. When he picked her up on the road to the Xiao clan, his tranquil attitude contained proudness. In the assembly hall, he held back his anger and hatred. In the bridal chamber, though he said all kinds of things and had a vulgar mouth, his expression and the look in his eyes unceasingly swayed fascinatingly between confusion, unwillingness and despondence. There was even a desolate loneliness that even she could not understand….

But now, the him nestled together with Xiao Lingxi was sleeping with incomparable steadiness. The corner of his mouth was raised very slightly, clearly revealing a warm smile. His five sense were completely relaxed, his expression loose, tranquil and peaceful like a baby sleeping in his mother’s bosom.

Suddenly, an uncomfortable feeling floated up in Xia Qingyue’s heart… of course, this didn’t mean that she had any feelings towards Xiao Che. But she and Xiao Che had become a married couple. She had always believed that this marriage was just a formality for her, that the status as husband or wife were also mere titles, and that nothing could cause even the slightest ripple in her heart. However, in some things, the heart does not always follow a person’s expectation. This was especially true for women, who, unless they had no heart, were more prone to sentimentality.

After all, she and Xiao Che were already husband and wife. Although, in her thoughts, she didn’t care at all about this kind of union but the fact that Xiao Che was now her husband would still be distinctly imprinted in her subconscious. Since he was her husband, he should rightfully belong only to her. Instead, on his wedding night, he had cuddled with another woman until they had both fallen asleep, with such a warm and content expression on his face… Her subconscious naturally would raise that kind of unfamiliar reaction.

Even if the girl was his little aunt.

This kind of uncomfortable feeling caused her usually tranquil and frozen fairy-like heart to twinge slightly. This sense of irritation allowed her to immediately wake up from her reverie, and quickly focus all her attention to still her heart. After a long while, the prickly feeling gradually disappeared and her heart had already completely cleared.

She did not disturb Xiao Che and Xiao Lingxi and, with light footsteps, left without a sound.

After a short while, Xia Qingyue unhurriedly returned, with a crimson blanket in her arms. She carefully laid the blanket on top of Xiao Che and Xiao Lingxi’s bodies and once again left without a sound.

……………………

When Xiao Che woke up, it was already dawn. Nestled against his chest, Xiao Lingxi was still sleeping soundly, her sleeping posture charmingly sweet… if one ignored the large glob of saliva on his chest.

His sleep fogged mind gradually cleared up, and bit by bit, last night’s scene replayed in Xiao Che’s head. Though his shoulder was numb and sore after an entire night, he didn’t dare move even a little as to not disturb Xiao Lingxi’s peaceful sleep. It was also at this time that he suddenly discovered the crimson blanket covering his body.

“Well… fuck…” As he raised his hand to grab the blanket, a low, uncontrollable roar spewed out of Xiao Che’s mouth… This clearly was the blanket that was just prepared yesterday, and had been laid out on the bridal chamber bed.

Xiao Che looked up in the direction of his own courtyard, his heart letting loose a groan… On the wedding night, not only was he not in the bridal chamber, but had also went out and slept with another woman, all night. His newly wed wife had also personally run over to deliver a blanket.

This scenario… was truly thrilling!





Chapter 14 – Letter From the Xiao Sect


It was early morning. The sky had barely begun to brighten when the master of the Xiao Clan, Xiao Yunhai, was woken from his deep sleep by the sound of urgent knocking on his door. “Clan master! Clan master, are you awake?”

Xiao Yunhai opened his eyes, took a glance at the light outside and then asked, with a frown: “This early in the morning, what happened?”

“It’s… it’s the Xiao… Xiao Sect! A letter from the Xiao Sect!” From outside the door came this excited, trembling voice.

“What? The Xiao Sect?!”

This master of the Xiao Clan, one of the most powerful people in Floating Cloud City, sprung up from his bed as if stabbed by a dagger on the butt. He haphazardly threw on his clothes and, not even bothering to straighten his hair, threw open the door hastily, grabbing the Xiao Clan disciple that was outside. He bellowed with wide eyes: “You said the Xiao Sect? The Xiao Sect?!”

“Yes! It’s definitely the Xiao Sect!” That Xiao Clan disciple swallowed with great difficulty, nodded with all his strength, and then presented the letter in his hand to Xiao Yunhai. “This letter has the eagle seal of the Xiao Sect! In this Blue Wind Empire, no one would dare to forge the Xiao Sect’s insignia.”

As soon as he saw the sky hawk seal on the letter, Xiao Yunhai’s entire body shook. He fiercely grabbed the letter, then, with violently shaking hands, quickly but carefully tore it open to reveal the paper within.

Although the Xiao Sect’s name had only one word of difference if compared to his Xiao Clan, that one word was like the difference between the clouds and mud! The Xiao Clan barely counted as the leading presence in Floating Cloud City, but on the Profound Sky Continent as a whole, it was simply a nameless existence. However the Xiao Sect is one of the four strongest sects in the Blue Wind Empire! They have the same level of prestige as the Heavenly Sword Villa, Frozen Cloud Asgard, and the Burning Heaven Clan. They were an existence that the Xiao Clan could not even hope to look up to.

To put it bluntly, a useless servant in the Xiao Sect would not even find it necessary to respect the Xiao Clan’s master.

However, there was a connection between the Xiao Clan and the Xiao Sect. That is because the person that founded Floating Cloud City’s Xiao Clan one hundred and sixty years ago, Xiao Bieli, was at the time a person from the Xiao Sect… To be more precise, he was an abandoned disciple, and, as rumor had it, the son of one of the elders at the time. However, Xiao Bieli was the result of that elder raping one of the Xiao Sect’s serving girls while drunk. Since childhood, his appearance was ordinary and his talent was lacking. Furthermore he attracted a large amount of gossip, causing that elder a great amount of displeasure. Upon reaching adulthood, his profound strength was the lowest among all of his peers. To let him remain at the Xiao Sect would only cause that elder more humiliation so he found an opportunity to send him to that piece of shit place, the rural Floating Cloud City and helped him establish the Xiao Clan. From then on he paid no more attention to Xiao Bieli and cut off all contact between them and the Xiao Sect.

But Xiao Bieli nevertheless was born in the proud Xiao Sect. He spent his entire life painstakingly cultivating his profound strength, hoping to gain recognition, and thus one day earn their approval and one day return to Xiao Sect. After he died, this desire was passed down through the Xiao Clan from one generation to the next, and became ultimate goal of every generation of the Xiao Clan. Especially among each generation’s clan master, all without exception hoped that they could rely on the tiny bit of Xiao Sect blood in them to establish a relationship, no matter how fragile, with the Xiao Sect. But after all these years, the Xiao Clan never produced a person that could fulfill this wish. Talk of the Xiao Sect to them was like that of the Celestial Palace, something that they couldn’t even hope to reach.

However, today, the Xiao Sect had taken the initiative to send a letter! This couldn’t fail to send Xiao Yunhai into joyful hysteria, the excitement making him feel as if he was in a dream.

After reading the letter’s contents word by word, Xiao Yunhai’s face was completely red, his breathing erratic. He pointed a trembling finger outside, hoarsely saying: “Quickly… quickly inform the elders to immediately gather at the main hall! Tell them we need to discuss big news concerning the future of our Xiao Clan… Go quick!”

“Ah… Yes!” The Xiao Clan disciple immediately answered and ran off in a panic.

………………………………………………

Xiao Che carefully opened the door, crimson blanket in hand, only to find that Xia Qingyue was already sitting beside the bed, awake and dressed. Her beautiful eyes that were as calm as water, watched him without even a tiny ripple.

Xiao Che immediately tossed the blanket on the table. With a face not red and a heart not racing, he calmly asked: “Wife, you’re up so early. Did you sleep well last night?”

“You’re not going to first tell me where you went last night?” Xia Qingyue faintly asked, her beautiful eyes narrowing slightly.

“No need.” Xiao Che stretched his body and then started to straighten his hair using the mirror: “Because I know you definitely aren’t interested.”

Xia Qingyue: “……”

Although he fell asleep at the rear mountains with Xiao Lingxi last night, when he woke up, his mood was unusually good. After he straightened out his clothes and hair slightly, returning to his pretty boy image. Xiao Che stood up to leave and said: “Let’s go. It’s the morning of the first day, we have to go pay our respects to grandfather… This you won’t refuse, right?”

Xia Qingyue stood without a word and stepped out of the door ahead of him. Xiao Che loosened his shoulders and quickly followed her out.

Xiao Lie woke up early every day, and today was no exception. Upon entering Xiao Lie’s courtyard, the first thing they saw was him watering his flowers and plants. As he saw Xiao Che and Xia Qingyue enter, he gently smiled. “You came.”

Under Xiao Lie’s attentive gaze, Xiao Che quickly reached out and held Xia Qingyue’s small hand in his own. Xiao Qingyue’s hand was soft and smooth, yet also cool to the touch, perhaps because she was trained in the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts. Xia Qingyue’s entire body stiffened. Right before she was about to yank her hand free from Xiao Che, she noticed Xiao Lie’s gaze, and had no choice but to quietly tolerate it. She let Xiao Che walk to Xiao Lie with her, hand in hand.

Her father was always very respectful towards Xiao Lie and she was no different. In front of just Xiao Che, she could show him not a single bit of affection, but if she were to shake off Xiao Che’s hand in front of Xia Lie, then she can only imagine how ugly his face would become.

This despicable scoundrel…

“Grandfather, you’re up so early today again.” Xiao Che led Xiao Qingyue over and naturally greeted Xiao Li with the courtesy of a junior.

“Qingyue pays her respects to grandfather.” Qingyue lightly curtsied, her posture gentle and dignified. The fact that it was her first time being led by the hand, and used by such underhanded methods, left her both angry and helpless. If it weren’t for the fact that her profound strength would be detected by this elderly man at the apex of the Spirit Profound Realm, she would have definitely used the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts to freeze Xiao Che until he grimaced.

“Haha, you two also woke up very early.” Seeing Xiao Che and Xiao Qingyue’s intimate appearance, Xiao Che’s face revealed a cheerful expression. “Che Er, Qingyue, even though the age of sixteen is a bit early to get married, it also set a part of my heart at ease. Qingyue, you should already know about Che Er’s condition. Frankly speaking, this wedding honestly was not fair to you. But our family will spare no expense to make it up to you. Right now, my greatest wish is to see the two of you peacefully live your lives.”

Xia Qingyue had not managed to reply before Xiao Che hurriedly said: “Grandfather, don’t say that! I, Xiao Che, am your grandson. There isn’t a woman under heaven that I’m not fit for. Where did we wrong her? After joining the family, of course she’d come pay her respects to grandfather and then carefully take care of me as the days pass. If she doesn’t do it right, then I’ll divorce her and find a better wife. Don’t you agree, Qingyue my wife?”

“…” If it weren’t for the fact that Xiao Lie was standing right in front of them, Xia Qingyue would definitely have forever frozen Xiao Che’s mouth shut with a gust of the Frozen Cloud Fairy’s Secret Arts.

“Hahahaha.” Xiao Lie burst into laughter, helplessly shaking his head. He looked at Xiao Che with a pampering look: “Oh you, Qingyue had only just joined the family and you’re already bullying her like this. Qingyue, don’t listen to his nonsense. Che Er, this brat, hasn’t had a honest mouth since he was young. You two should not have eaten this early right? Knowing that the two of you would come, old Hong already had the kitchen send over breakfast. Come, let’s eat together.”

“Yes grandfather… That’s right, should we call for little aunt to come as well?”

“She had always loved to sleep since she was young. Since it’s still early, let’s not bother her.”

The dining table inside the house was indeed already ladened with three just-cooked portions of breakfast. Xiao Che never let go of her hand and dragged Xia Qingyue, who was with great efforts trying to look natural, to sit shoulder by shoulder on one side of the table. Xiao Lie began to take his seat opposite them. He had only touched his his seat when the sound of hurried footsteps came from outside, accompanied by a coarse voice:

“Fifth Elder! Is the Fifth Elder here?”

“What is it?” Xiao Lie stood up and slightly wrinkled his brow.

“Clan… Clan master’s order. All elders are to immediately go to the main hall to discuss news concerning the future of the Xiao Clan. You must immediately go!”

“…” Xiao Lie stood up, grabbed the jacket offered to him by Xiao Hong and then spoke to Xiao Che and Xia Qingyue: “Looks like it’s an emergency. You two eat first. There’s no need to wait for me.”

There wasn’t a single time in Xiao Lie’s memory where an such urgent summon came so early in the morning. He draped his jacket over his body, then quickly left.

Xiao Lie had only just left, but Xiao Che’s hand left Xia Qingyue’s as fast as lightning. His body also jumped backwards with a *woosh* as his eyebrows slanted slightly. He said with a grim face, “Qingyue my wife, you are very clever, so you should definitely understand that the reason I held your hand was to give grandfather some peace of mind. I definitely don’t have any other intentions. Even though I didn’t get your approval beforehand, you definitely wouldn’t lash out in anger, right?”

Xia Qingyue’s expression had indeed become a bit icy. She coldly spoke: “If you dare to randomly touch my body again, then I won’t be this polite anymore.”

“Hey! You wouldn’t go that far, right?!” Xiao Che watched her with wide eyes and a depressed look on his face. “I only held your hand and you’re already so angry… We are still a genuine couple. Even if you’re only married me to repay a debt of gratitude, we’re still husband and wife. Since we’re a married couple, it’s normal for me to touch everywhere, not to mention the hand… No, rather, that’s how it’s supposed to be! You’ve been married to me less than a day and yet have always been cold and indifferent. You wouldn’t even let me sleep on the same bed on the wedding night. Now even holding your hand causes you to get so angry… *Sobs* What kind of wife did I marry? It’s practically even worse than taking an empress for a wife…”

“…” Xia Che’s temperament was more and more giving Xia Qingyue a feeling of helplessness. The first time she saw him, she felt that he was cold and proud. Gradually, she also felt that his disposition was not ordinary, and even held a touch of mystery. Many times, he gave her the feeling that this wasn’t in fact a sixteen year old, but rather an adult man with many years of experience… Save for his uncouth nature that would be revealed whenever he wasn’t careful.

And now, even though he clearly had shamelessly violated her, he still acted as if he had done no wrong. Instead, like a little brat, he brazenly complained, firmly turning her from the victim to the villain. For a moment, she was dumbfounded and didn’t know whether she should laugh or cry. Even the anger in her chest had unwittingly dissipated by a large amount.

“Forget it, let’s sit and eat.” Xia Qingyue said powerlessly.

“In other words, my wife Qingyue isn’t angry anymore? He he, that’s more like an obedient wife. Come, let’s eat a lot!” Xiao Che immediately climbed across the table and then sat back down, next to Xia Qingyue, passing the green bean cake on his plate to hers.

“……” Xia Qingyue began to suspect that the request she had made to her teacher to stay by his side for one month was both an erroneous and dangerous decision.





Chapter 15 – Xiao Yulong’s Probing


Only after Xiao Che and Xia Qingyue finished eating breakfast did Xiao Lie return, an unprecedentedly heavy look written on his face, along with a bit of shock that had yet to completely disperse.

“Grandfather, what happened?” Xiao Che promptly stood up and asked.

“A major event. For the Xiao Clan, this is an enormous matter.” Xiao Lie said, yet his furrowed brow loosened. “But, it shouldn’t have much to do with us.”

“An enormous matter? What kind of matter is it?” Xiao Che was even more astonished.

“It’s the Xiao Sect.”

“The Xiao Sect?” This time, not only Xiao Che, but even Xia Qingyue raised an eyebrow.

“About half an hour ago, the clan master received a letter from the Xiao Sect. The letter said that the Xiao Sect will immediately send a group of people here. Not only that, but the leader of that group is the Xiao Sect’s current Sect Master Xiao Juetian’s youngest son!” Xiao Lie said slowly.

“…” This news caused Xiao Che to fall quiet for a long while before saying: “If that’s true, then something doesn’t make sense. While our Xiao Clan did come from the Xiao Sect one hundred and sixty years ago, the Xiao Sect has always treated us with contemptuous disgust. With more than one hundred years of separation, there couldn’t be anyone in the Xiao Sect that would care about our tiny Xiao Clan. Why would they suddenly send people here? But to say that they’re plotting something… the Xiao Sect’s influence covers the sky, why would they need to plot against us? To say that they’re granting us a favor, is even more impossible.”

Xiao Lie shook his head and said: “Of course there’s a reason. Our Xiao Clan’s founding ancestor, Xiao Bieli, was secretly expelled from the Xiao Sect because his talent was just too poor, but his father was, at the time, the Xiao Sect’s Enforcement Hall’s elder, Xiao Zheng. Not long ago, Xiao Zheng died. In the year before he died, his thoughts no longer were of chasing power and fame, but rather that he still had Xiao Bieli as a son. After one hundred years without contact, his heart was ashamed. He left behind a dying wish, hoping that the Xiao Sect could, after his death, find Xiao Bieli’s descendents and from their youth select the most talented candidate to take back to the Xiao Sect to cultivate. This also serves as an apology for the disregard that he had shown Xiao Bieli and the subsequent expulsion.”

An ordinary person can’t live to be over a hundred. But when one’s profound strength reaches a certain point, living for a few hundred years wasn’t out of the question. It’s said that once one breaks through to the Emperor Profound Realm, their life expectancy would span thousands of years. After listening to Xiao Lie’s words, Xiao Che first pondered and then felt relieved. No wonder the Xiao Sect would suddenly voluntarily send people to visit. Turns out it was this kind of thing. It seemed that the deceased Xiao Zheng still had some status among the Xiao Sect, so the Xiao Sect honored his final wish. He also realized why Xiao Lie said that this had nothing to do with them. “Select the most talented candidate to take back to the Xiao Sect to cultivate”… There was no way this most talented candidate any relation with Xiao Che.

However, it was obvious that the inner thoughts of the other elders, after hearing this news, should be surging greatly. To be taken back to the Xiao Sect to cultivate? What kind of idea was that? If any of their sons or grandsons were picked and taken back to the Xiao Sect, then it would be like an earthworm rising from the mud to become a golden dragon floating between the clouds overnight! All of their relatives would take take flight behind them. They would be able to arrogantly walk without fear of consequence not only among the Xiao Clan, but among all of Floating Cloud City. Anyone who dares to disagree, if told “Xiao Sect” those two words, even the city governor wouldn’t dare to talk back.

(TL: Literally means “wouldn’t dare to fart half a fart”, this obviously doesn’t translate well.)

Xiao Lie’s expression looked to be truly peaceful, but the disappointment that was hidden with great effort still couldn’t escape Xiao Che’s eyes. Within the Xiao Clan, there wasn’t anyone who didn’t have the desire to go to the Xiao Sect. Even the him of today was like this. And with the Xiao Sect coming there, this was no doubt the best opportunity to get close to them, because now was when they can directly interact with the Xiao Sect’s people. The other Xiao Clan members all possess that sliver of hope. Only Xiao Lie did not even dare to hope, because there’s no way that Xiao Che would be the person that the Xiao Sect would pick.

Xiao Che opened his mouth to say something to comfort his Grandfather, but after mulling for a long time, he couldn’t think of a single word to say. His profound veins’ condition was clearly well-known. Even if he said something pleasing to the ears, what was the use?

“Even though this does not have anything to do with us, that can also be a good thing. The Xiao Sect is as large as the sky. Even if we did go there, we’d be among the lowest ranked people. How can it compare to freely and peacefully being on top in Floating Cloud City?” Xiao Lie easily laughed, sitting at the dining table: “Come, help your grandfather finish breakfast.”

……………………………………

After coming out of Xiao Lie’s courtyard, Xiao Che immediately realized that the entire Xiao Clan’s atmosphere had distinctively changed. Normally at this time, there would be quite a few people doing their morning training. However, now, as far as the eye can see, there were only scattered shadows, most of them moving with hurried footsteps and faces full of excitement.

“It looks like everyone thinks they can climb onto the high branch that is the Xiao Sect, but is leaping to the heavens in one step really a good thing? No one is thinking about what would happen if they truly did enter the Xiao Sect. I’d guess that they’d just be the lowliest of messengers.” Xiao Che said cynically.

“Jealous?” Xia Qingyue expressionlessly asked.

“Definitely not!” As soon as he said that, Xiao Che realized that the Xia Qingyue by his side was a disciple of the Frozen Cloud Asgard, and in no way inferior to the Xiao Sect. He only curled his lips and said: “You aren’t the same as them… Forget it, pretend like I didn’t say anything.”

Xia Qingyue no longer minded him and stepped forward. Although it was a really slow step, her body still moved seven or eight body widths away. Another step, and she was even further from Xiao Che, leaving him behind. Xiao Che’s footsteps stopped, entirely focusing on this gracefully stepping, phantom-like Xia Qingyue. He muttered, “Don’t tell me this is the legendary Frozen Cloud Asgard’s ‘Frozen Snow Dance Steps’? This woman’s profound strength was not that simple, it should not merely be at the Elementary Profound Realm’s tenth level.”

“Yo! If it isn’t Brother Xiao Che!”

A voice called from the right. Xiao Che turned his head and saw Xiao Yang walking towards him. This Xiao Yang normally had his nose pointing at the sky in front of him and treated him with complete disdain. For him to voluntarily greet him was definitely an unusual first time.

“Brother Xiao Yang. You’re up early.” Xiao Che turned towards him and greeted good-naturedly.

“What a coincidence, I was just about to go look for you, but who knew that I’d run into you here.” Xiao Yang walked over while laughing.

“Brother Xiao Yang needed to find me for something?” Xiao Che asked, his face full of astonishment.

“Mmhmm,” Xiao Yang nodded. “It’s actually Big Brother Yulong who had me come call you. He said that you’re the youngest among us, but the first to get married. As your fellow clanmate, he wanted to hold a little celebration for you, no matter what . Plus, there were too many people at the wedding yesterday, so it was hard to enjoy the wine. It’s best to drink a little and eat a little this morning, how about it? Do you have time?”

Inviting him to drink this early in the morning, it turns out that Xiao Yulong’s patience was really only just average. Xiao Che’s sneered in his heart. He was perfectly aware of the reason why Xiao Yulong came to find him. At that moment, his face revealed an overwhelmed expression, and he emotionally replied: “Is it really Brother Yulong calling for me? Of course! Of course there’s time! Since it’s Brother Yulong calling for me, how could I not have time? Then… do we go now?”

Xiao Che’s expression caused Xiao Yang to secretly sneer in disdain. He nodded: “Of course, let’s go.”

Xiao Yulong’s courtyard was bigger than Xiao Che’s by about four or five times. Not only was it overwhelmingly luxurious, but it also had a dedicated serving girl.

Slightly north of the courtyard center sat a square pavilion, the table inside was ladened with food and wine. Xiao Yulong raised a wine cup with a warm smile on his face: “Little Brother Xiao Che, you married our Floating Cloud City’s number one jewel. Once again, I congratulate you. As your big brother, I’ll have to try harder from now on.”

“Thank you Brother Yulong.” Xiao Che also hurried raised his wine cup, his face red from excitement. “Actually… regarding that, my marriage is not a big deal at all. Really, if should be me congratulating Brother Yulong.”

“Oh?” Xiao Yulong’s face revealed his suspicion. He asked with a smile, “Congratulating me? I don’t understand.”

Xiao Che replied with a serious face, “It can’t be that Brother Yulong doesn’t know about the group coming from the Xiao Sect whom will select one the most talented youth to take back with them? In this generation of our Xiao Clan, as far as talent, position, looks, and character, who could compare with Brother Yulong? So this time, Brother Yulong will definitely be the one taken back to the Xiao Sect. It’s an enormously happy event.”

“Right! That’s right, Brother Yulong will definitely be selected to go to the Xiao Sect this time! With big brother here, other people shouldn’t even think about it,” Xiao Yang also promptly said. His aptitude within the Xiao clan was only middling high. On this matter, knowing his chances, he didn’t dare to have any ideas. The person with the best chance in the Xiao Clan was none other than Xiao Yulong. Since he had spent the last few years following Xiao Yulong around, if Xiao Yulong enters the Xiao Sect, it could only benefit him. He began to feel that these few years spent fawning on Xiao Yulong was indeed the right decision.

Wearing a modest expression, Xiao Yulong shook his head: “You guys praise me too much. Our Xiao Clan has many outstanding brothers and sisters. While I can be considered the best as far as profound strength goes, when it comes down to my qualification, I can’t say for certain. But I will try my best for this. Come, Brother Xiao Che, a toast to yesterday’s happiness.”

While his words were very carefree, hidden in the depths of Xiao Yulong’s eyes was a glowing fanaticism greater than anyone else’s.

After downing a cup of wine, Xiao Che’s face flushed. At this time, Xiao Yang drew his face close, and asked with a face full of smiles: “Brother Xiao Che, the woman you married yesterday is truly the most beautiful woman in our Floating Cloud City. Your luck with women is the envy of all of us brothers. The taste from the bridal chamber last night… heh heh, must be equally pleasurable right?”

Xiao Yulong raised his wine cup, a smiling expression on his face but his gaze was dead set on Xiao Che’s face and eyes, prepared to see what expression he would reveal. However, as soon as Xiao Yang finished his question, Xiao Che’s eyes glowed brightly, his face revealing a wanton smile understandable by all men. He leaned his head closer to Xiao Yang and lowered his voice, smiling: “Absolutely! Heh heh heh heh… Brother Xiao Yang, I’ll let you know, all women are the same. Xia Qingyue normally looks like a proud peacock, but in bed, she’s an absolute slut. Ah, her moaning, her flavor, definitely was pleasurable! Heh heh heh heh…”

Xiao Che narrowed his eyes as he talked, his entire face red with intoxication.

*Ping*…..

The wine cup in Xiao Yulong’s hand was crushed into pieces, scattering all over the table.





Chapter 16 – Young Master Xiao, Looking for Death


“Eh? Brother Yulong? What’s wrong?” Xiao Che quickly stood up with an alarmed look.

Xiao Yulong revealed a completely stiff and ugly smile as he shook off the pieces of the broken wine cup from his hand. “It’s nothing. I wasn’t careful and lost control of my strength.”

Xiao Yang’s expression wasn’t better than Xiao Yulong’s by much. He looked like someone who had just eaten a dead insect. After hearing Xiao Yulong’s words, he quickly interrupted: “I know, it’s definitely because big brother had another breakthrough in his profound strength. Right after you make a breakthrough, the growth of the profound strength will cause it to occasionally go out of control.”

“Then it’s like that!” Xiao Che seemed to have suddenly realized, then quickly said: “Big Brother Yulong unexpected had another breakthrough, congratulations! I heard that Brother Yulong advanced to the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm three months ago. It’s only been three months, and you actually had another breakthrough! It’s not for nothing that you’re the ace of our generation. It seems like besides Brother Yulong, there’s no one else that the Xiao Sect could pick.”

Xiao Yulong’s face twitched. He stood up, strongly suppressing his heart’s turmoil and spoke with a forced smile: “Brother Xiao Che is flattering me. But it’s true that I just had a breakthrough, and that my profound strength is a bit unstable. I must immediately stabilize it and can no longer continue to entertain you…”

“No problem, no problem!” Xiao Che quickly waved his hand, nodding with understanding. “Of course Brother Yulong stabilizing his profound strength is more important… Then, I won’t continue to bother Brother Yulong. Thanks you for today’s invitation and hospitality. After a few days, when Brother Yulong is selected by the Xiao Sect, I’ll definitely be the first to congratulate you.”

After saying that, Xiao Che very politely left. Xiao Yang also pretended to leave with him, but after Xiao Che was far away, he quickly turned around and rushed back. As soon as he entered the door, he could see Xiao Yulong’s gloomy and frightening expression.

“Big brother… about this thing…” Seeing Xiao Yulong’s expression, Xiao Yang fiercely swallowed a mouth full of saliva and approached with trepidation.

“AHHHH!!” Xiao Yulong let out a bellow of rage as if he was insane. He swept all of the wine and tea cups off of the table. After everything broke into pieces, he gave a ferocious kick, knocking over the stone table. His hands were clenched tight, his breath heavy with panting, and his eyes burned with flames of jealousy and hatred. A incomparably low voice escaped from his mouth: “Didn’t you tell me… Xia Qingyue… would never let Xiao Che, that waste of a person, touch her?!!”

Xiao Yulong very rarely went out of control. His current state caused Xiao Yang’s scalp to go numb and his back cold. He said in a panic, “It must be… it must be Xiao Che that fellow making things up… making things up! Xia Qingyue… couldn’t possibly have fallen for that fellow!”

“Bullshit!” Xiao Yulong said with a low roar: “Is there anything about that piece of waste, Xiao Che, that I don’t know? You think he can lie to my face? What kind of person do you think I am?”

Xiao Yulong had a considerable amount of shrewdness and vision. He has known Xiao Che for sixteen years, and believed that he knew him like the back of his own hand. He firmly believed that when it comes to this lacking profound strength , cowardly, and self-abased person, no change of his mood could escape from his eyes. When Xiao Yang had asked him that question just now, whether it was the look in his eyes, his expression, or his subconscious behavior… none of them had any signs of guile.

Xia Qingyue was the woman that he has vowed to definitely obtain. One reason why he allowed them to marry was because he was helpless to stop it. The other was that he was convinced that even if Xia Qingyue married Xia Che, she would never give herself to him wholly. Instead, it would make things more convenient for himself. But he had never thought that on the second day of getting married, the result would be that Xia Qingyue had already been sampled by Xiao Che! !

The anger in his heart right now, along with his jealousy and resentment, was almost enough to cause his chest to burst.

Xiao Yang stood there with his neck shrunk back, not daring to even breath loudly. In the past, Xiao Yulong was slated to become the next clan master. He was always very loyal in front of him. Now that Xiao Yulong was most likely going to be a member of the Xiao Sect, he even more so didn’t dare to oppose him.

After a long while, Xiao Yulong was still panting heavily. It was obvious how large of a blow this was to him. He suddenly said in a deep voice: “Where did Xiao Che go after leaving this place?”

“He went… went to the east courtyard. He might… might be going to the kitchen area,” Xiao Yan replied with great care.

Xiao Yulong angled his eyebrows, a dark cloud hanging over his features. He muttered under his breath: “I always thought that Xia Qingyue had an exceptionally gorgeous complexion and talent, and also a dignity and aloofness that other women couldn’t compare to. I didn’t expect that even the most despised of the Xiao Clan members could catch her interest!”

Xiao Yulong let out a cold snort and with a fierce shake of his arms, walked towards the courtyard’s exterior. Just as Xiao Yang was about to catch up, he suddenly realized where he wanted to go and immediately stopped obediently. Afterwards, he slowly wiped the cold sweat off of his forehead.

Xiao Che left Xiao Yulong’s courtyard and walked towards the kitchen at a normal gait to pick up some breakfast. Afterwards, he leisurely walked towards Xiao Lingxi’s courtyard. If anyone got close, they would be able to hear him talking to himself: “Xiao Yulong should be hurrying over to my place right? Oh… I wonder if my wife Qingyue will break his leg? Or both legs… Hmm, or three legs?”

(TL: 3rd leg is his d.)

He reached Xiao Lingxi’s courtyard, but the door was securely closed. Xiao Che knocked on the door: “Little aunt, I brought a light breakfast.”

The door opened and Xiao Che walked in, shutting the door shut with a *bang*.

Xiao Lingxi was sprawled on the table, her hands resting below her chin, and her eyelids drooping; a thoroughly weak and dispirited appearance. Xiao Che placed the light breakfast on the table, then waved his hand in front of her face a few times: “Didn’t sleep well last night?”

“Unnngh…” Upon hearing Xiao Che mention ‘last night’, Xiao Lingxi let out a low whimpering noise and buried her entire face in her palms: “You can still talk about last night… Xia Qingyue came to deliver a blanket. She must’ve seen everything… What to do, what to do… I’m too ashamed to see anyone, *sob sob sob*…”

“It’s not that bad is it?” Xiao Che rubbed his forehead, then sat at her side. He said with a smile: “Rest easy. You’re my little aunt. What’s wrong with us sleeping while snuggling together?”

“It’s exactly because I’m your little aunt…” Xiao Lingxi shook her head as if she was being driven mad. “Also… all of last night, your hand was on my… my… *sob*… she must have seen everything! What should I do if she tells someone… what should I do…”

“Relax, she definitely won’t tell anyone else. Besides, you’re my little aunt. What’s the big deal if, when going to sleep, I accidentally touched your breast?” Xiao Che very calmly stated.

“You, you, you… aren’t allowed to talk anymore!” Xiao Lingxi shook her head even harder, her entire cheek blushing. The reason why she acted that way last night must have been because they were alone, in the dark, and her heart was in a state of confusion. Thinking back now, she even more so believed that she must have been insane at that time.

“I’m one hundred percent sure. Even if she did see, she absolutely won’t tell anyone. To begin with, she wouldn’t think in that… hmm, in the direction that you’re thinking of. Alright, come quickly eat breakfast or it’ll get cold,” Xiao Che comforted her with a light laugh. When thinking about the same thing, a woman’s heart was after all, different from a man’s.

“Oh…” Xiao Lingxi at long last lifted her face from her palms and began to tearily eat the breakfast that Xiao Che brought.

As Xiao Che expected, Xiao Yulong headed straight towards his courtyard as soon as he left. As soon as he entered, he spotted Xia Qingyue currently standing in the center of the courtyard.

Xia Qingyue calmly stood under the pomegranate tree in the center of the courtyard with her arms raised high. Her expression was calm and serious; clearly she was quietly cultivating her profound strength. Her long hair naturally spilled over her shoulders, soft and glossy under the morning light. On her lovely face were two black thin and curvy eyebrows, similar to a pair of crescent moons. Her two tranquil pupils, clear like crystals, were like the radiance of a flowing dream. Her entire body was covered by a red dress, her faintly discernable curves slim and beautiful; a contrast to the creamy, white jade-like skin.

This was Xiao Yulong’s first time seeing Xia Qingyue’s full peerless magnificence up close and personal like this. In that instant, he was thoroughly stupefied on the spot, all of his attention drawn to this exceedingly beautiful scene in front of his eyes. The rest of the world, in a blink of an eye, lost its color.

Upon noticing Xiao Yulong’s arrival, Xia Qingyue’s posture didn’t change at all. Her eyes continued to gaze ahead while a calm voice left her mouth: “Xiao Che is not here.”

Her voice was cold and indifferent, yet was as sweet and comforting as that of a fairy. Xiao Yulong only then returned to his senses, but there was no way to suppress the stunned and infatuated look in his eyes. He immediately adjusted himself to his best mode and bowed slightly towards Xia Qingyue, saying with a smile: “Hello Lady Xia. I am Xiao Yulong, Xiao Che’s elder brother.”

Xia Qingyue was not an excessively cold and haughty person. The other person’s mild language and respectful posture and voice caused her to glance at him. Also, it’s not as if she hadn’t heard of the name Xiao Yulong. After all, he is the son of this generation’s Xiao Clan’s clan master. Just as she was glancing at him, preparing to politely respond, she saw the overwhelming infatuation in Xiao Yulong’s eyes… and his obscene desires!

Immediately, her fine eyebrows twitched. Her trace of goodwill to the previous polite behavior and refined appearance of this man turned into disgust in a flash. Even though Xiao Che would frequently cause her heart to erupt into anger with his vulgar mouth and uncouth hands, but at the very least, she never saw any trace of obscene desires in his eyes. But this Xiao Yulong on the other hand…

Xia Qingyue’s dull voice suddenly contained a hint of coldness, her words became even more to the point: “Xiao Che is not here.”

In the face of Xia Qingyue’s clear coldness, Xiao Yulong seemed to be in disbelief. He nodded his head, saying: “That’s really too bad. However, I’ve heard many good things about Lady Xia. To be able to see Lady Xia makes this trip worth it.”

As he spoke, Xiao Yulong’s movements, facial expression, look, and voice all changed to the most perfect state, showing off his own charm. He was confident that he was thousands of times stronger than Xiao Che. If Xia Qingyue can fall for even Xiao Che, how could she resist him once he puts forward the effort?

“I’m currently cultivating, forgive me for not being able to receive visitors.” Xia Qingyue’s eyes were tranquil, but her voice already carrying a tinge of annoyance.

A truly beautiful woman would warm the heart and delight the eyes regardless of their posture or expression. Seeing the seemingly fairy turned to human Xia Qingyue, Xiao Yulong’s eyes grew more and more passionate. The jealousy in his heart also burned hotter and hotter… This kind of fairy among humans actually became that waste, Xiao Che’s, wife, but had also been seized by a pig! It was simply… a complete waste, something he could not accept nor forgive!

“Upon hearing that Lady Xia had just turned sixteen this year, but had already cultivated to the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm, Yulong has always admired you, and been fascinated without end. I believe that when Lady Xia reaches my age, you’ll definitely be considerably stronger than me.” Xiao Yulong moderated his mood, his face gentle as he spoke: “However, even though there’s only one level between the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm and the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, but without a path, it is still quite hard to cross that gap. Though I dare not compare my talent with that of Lady Xia, with my experience, I still have quite a bit of insight towards breaking past the Elementary Profound Realm. How about I exchange pointers with Lady Xia for a bit?”

As he finished speaking, Xiao Yulong walked forward with a smiling expression, his hands gathering his profound strength before reaching for Xia Qingyue’s snowy hand.

Xia Qingyue may be astonishingly talented, but she was still only in the Elementary Profound Realm. Xiao Yulong was already at the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm and so definitely had the qualifications to teach Xia Qingyue… At least that’s what he believed.

Seeing that Xiao Yulong not only had obscene desires in his eyes, but had also moved his hands, Xia Qingyue’s beautiful eyes suddenly flashed with a blue light. She abruptly held out a hand, empty handedly pushing in Xiao Yulong’s direction.

Seeing that Xia Qingyue’s hand had unexpectedly extended her jade like hand out of her own will, Xiao Yulong’s eyes revealed a happy expression. He was just about to grab her when he suddenly felt an irresistible force ruthlessly slam into his stomach. With no chance to make a sound, his body flew straight out, flipping in the air once, before falling head first onto the ground. At the same time, his two front teeth where knocked free.

Xiao Yulong’s standing amongst the Xiao Clan was extremely high. If a women that had married into the Xiao Clan were to receive his sexual harassment, even if she could overpower him, she wouldn’t dare harm him. However, what kind of backing did Xia Qingyue have? Behind her was Frozen Cloud Asgard. Even if she beat him until he fell flat on his face, even if she asked for his life, once her status as a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard came to light, Xiao Yunhai wouldn’t dare complain, but would rather be forced to apologize with a smiling face.





Chapter 17 – Would You Believe That I’m a Doctor of Miracles?


Xiao Che was very clear on whether or not Xia Qingyue’s profound strength was truly at the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm, but of course, Xiao Yulong had no idea. Xia Qingyue had gotten truly angry and used at least seventy percent of her profound strength just now. Looking at the Xiao Yulong sprawled on the ground, she retracted her palm and then indifferently said: “It looks like Young Master Xiao isn’t that great at exchanging pointers, please go back.”

Laying on the ground, Xiao Yulong was stupefied… He originally believed that with his third level of the Nascent Profound Realm’s profound strength, taking advantage of Xia Qingyue would be as easy as reaching out with his hand. No matter what, he didn’t think that upon meeting, he would end up on the ground with his entire body bruised and battered without even a chance to react. He stared with wide eyes in shock at the two bloody incisors that had fallen on the ground in front of him.

Xiao Yulong immediately picked himself up, his face twitching. He knew how battered and exhausted he looked at the moment. It could be said that with his status as the Xiao Clan’s young master, he had never in his lifetime been in such a sorry state… and also in front of the woman that he admired and longed for the most. However, Young Master Xiao was still Young Master Xiao. He forcibly swallowed the blood in his mouth, his face revealing a what could be considered warm and elegant smile: “Lady Xia’s tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm strength is deserving of its reputation. Just then I was casually testing and had somewhat underestimated you. Then this time, Lady Xia must pay careful attention.”

With his two missing front teeth, Xiao Yulong’s words were punctuated by the sound of whistling air. After speaking, he had already raised his hands and mobilized all of his profound strength… He naively believed that the reason he ended up at a disadvantage just now was solely because he carelessly acted, whereas Xia Qingyue had reacted ruthlessly with her entire strength. With his third level of the Nascent Profound Realm’s strength, how could he not handle Xia Qingyue’s tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm?!

Xiao Yulong walked forward. Three steps later, both hands simultaneously shot out, seeking to immediately wrap around Xia Qingyue’s arm. His actions caused Xia Qingyue to loathe him even more. With all her patience exhausted, her right arm abruptly swung out, her red sleeve fluttering along. A gust of profound strength carrying a tinge of icy coldness swept across Xiao Yulong’s face.

This bit of profound strength didn’t carry any trace of the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts, but still wasn’t something that Xiao Yulong could handle.

With a *peng* sound, Xiao Yulong’s right cheek sank downwards and his entire body flew backwards. He spun in the air at least seven or eight times like a top before landing heavily outside the courtyard. Three bloody teeth also were knocked free, two of them stabbing into Xiao Yulong’s face.

“The exchange of pointers is over, I won’t see you out.” Xia Qingyue didn’t even glance at him, her fairy-like voice ice cold.

Xiao Yulong’s entire right face was a patch of red, as if dyed with blood. Right now, even if he was an idiot, he would still understand that his third level of the Nascent Profound Realm’s strength was, from the start, insufficient in front of Xia Qingyue. He held the throbbing part of his right face and gave Xia Qingyue a look dyed with a tinge of terror. Taking in a rough breath, he staggered away without another word.

Xiao Yulong had reached the infirmary and was about to enter when he saw Xiao Che just then leaving, his left hand hold a medicinal pot and his right, a package. Upon seeing Xiao Yulong, Xiao Che promptly greeted him warmly: “Brother Yulong, why did you come here? Aiya! Brother Yulong, your face… what, what, what… what happened?”

Seeing Xiao Che, Xiao Yulong clenched his teeth, let out a cold snort, and immediately rushed into the infirmary. Shortly, the astonished sound of the Xiao Clan’s chief doctor, Xiao Gu, could be heard from inside. “Young master… Who, who, who, who…would be so bold to do this kind of evil thing to you?!”

“No harm done… When I was at the rear mountains training, I wasn’t careful and fell down…” Xiao Yulong’s voice was clearly riddled with pain. Of course he could not admit that his current state was because he was given a lesson while trying to take advantage of Xia Qingyue.

“How is this no harm done?! Your cheekbone has been shattered to no small extent, you’ve lost five teeth, and another three have been snapped in half. None of these can be grown back…”

Xiao Che had not walked too far away. The the voices that floated into his ear sent a cold chill up his spine.

This woman… her actions were far too ruthless!

The Murdering Heart Powder that had killed him most likely came from Xiao Yulong. Originally, Xiao Che wanted to borrow Xia Qingyue’s power to give him a little lesson… but how could this be considered a lesson? It was simply beating him half to death!

Thinking about how he had used his grandfather as a shield to lead her by the hand early in the morning, Xiao Che couldn’t help but break into a cold sweat.

When he returned to his own courtyard, Xia Qingyue was calmly standing in the courtyard center. Seeing him return, she indifferently spoke. “Xiao Yulong came over.”

“Ah, yes, I know. I just saw him at the infirmary.” Xiao Che carefully took a look at Xia Qingyue’s expression before prudently responding.

Xia Qingyue no longer paid any attention to him. She lightly closed her eyes and a layer of ice cold air surrounded her body.

“Qingyue my wife, can I ask you a question?” Xiao Che opened his mouth to ask as he took a step forward.

“?” Xia Qingyue didn’t react in the least.

“What level is your profound strength really at?” To be able to force Xiao Yulong into such a sorry state, she should be at least at the fifth level of the Nascent Profound Realm! To be at the fifth level of the Nascent Profound Realm at the age of sixteen… if this was revealed, Floating Cloud City would truly explode.

Xia Qingyue still did not react in the least. She didn’t seem to have any intention of answering him.

The ignored Xiao Che had a face full of gloom. Looking at Xia Qingyue’s appearance, she should be silently practicing Frozen Cloud Asgard’s exclusive profound technique, the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts. He no longer spoke. After placing the things in his hands on the ground, he leaned his body back, crossed his hands over his chest, and leisurely watched the peaceful Xia Qingyue.

He watched until a quarter of an hour had passed.

Xia Qingyue generally stayed in her room in the past. While training in the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts, besides her master occasionally giving tips to her from the side, the rest of the time she was by herself, with absolutely no one else to bother her… not to mention a man who fixedly watched her with both eyes.

Even though she was calmly standing there with her eyes closed, firmly concentrating on her training with the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts circulating through her body, she could still feel Xiao Che’s standing there watching her. Moreover it was a constant stare… his gaze hardly ever left her for even a moment. That piercing gaze over and over again swept over every part of her body, giving her no way of completely calming her heart. Her entire body was uncomfortable… after all, she was still only a sixteen year old girl. To expect her heart to truly be like still water was simply asking for too much.

After an entire quarter hour, Xiao Che was still standing there, his gaze firmly on her. Xiao Qingyue finally could not restrain herself and opened her beautiful eyes to glance at him, coldly saying: “Why are you doing, always staring at me?”

“Waiting for you to voluntarily speak to me,” Xiao Che innocently replied.

“……” Xia Qingyue had the urge to kill someone.

“*Cough cough* Actually, I had something really important to talk to you about. But I was afraid of interrupting your training just now, so I had no choice but to wait.” Xiao Che got up, his expression sincere.

“… What is it?” Xia Qingyue asked, strongly suppressing her anger.

“Uhm, it’s like this.” Xiao Che’s expression became serious. He took a few steps forward until he was standing in front of Xia Qingyue, then confidently said: “Early this morning, when I held your hand… ah, ah! D, d, don’t do anything! I’m talking about serious business, serious business!” Upon seeing Xia Qingyue suddenly reveal her killing intent, Xiao Che promptly retreated several steps, a wary expression appearing on his face… The miserable state Xiao Yulong had just been in provided a bloody lesson… Seeing that Xia Qingyue didn’t, in fact, do anything, Xiao Che let out a small sigh of relief and continued: “When I held your hand, I felt your pulse in passing and found a big problem. An extremely big problem.”

His words didn’t cause Xia Qingyue’s gaze to waver even a bit… she didn’t believe him from the start.

Though she did feel him secretly measuring her pulse when he led her by the hand this morning, how could the man from the Xiao family that all of Floating Cloud City knew to be weak know anything about pulses?

But Xiao Che’s following words nevertheless caused Xia Qingyue to tremble slightly.

“Isn’t it true that you wake up every day at three in the morning? And not only that, but for the next half hour, your entire body would be ice cold, and your four limbs sore.”

Xia Qingyue’s gaze wavered, unwittingly asking, “How do you know?”

Xiao Che continued to speak. “Also, after training in the Floating Cloud Secret Arts, every time your profound strength makes a breakthrough, within the next two or three days, isn’t it true that your entire body would be ice cold, your four limbs sore, and you’d be unable to eat or sleep peacefully?”

Xia Qingyue’s gaze once again violently shook… because what Xiao Che said was not wrong at all!

“Also…” Xiao Che’s feet moved straight in the direction of the courtyard door. Not until half his body was outside the door did he say with a serious face: “Your last… umm.. ah… period, wasn’t it late by about seven or eight days?”

Xia Qingyue, “！@#￥%……”

Only when he didn’t feel any killing intent from Xia Qingyue did Xiao Che cautiously walk back from the courtyard door: “Do you believe me now?”

“How do you know all of this?” Xia Qingyue’s eyebrows drooped as she asked.

“From your pulse!”

“You can measure pulses?”

“Would you believe me if I said I am a doctor of miracles?” Xiao Che asked with a sincere face.

“If you want to joke around, then go find your little aunt.” Xia Qingyue glanced at him without expression.

Of course, Xiao Che didn’t expect Xia Qingyue to believe him. It would be weirder if she actually believed him: “These are all very serious symptoms. You don’t want to know how to treat them?”

“No need.” Xia Qingyue let out a cold voice: “The Frozen Cloud Secret Arts is the Frozen Cloud Asgard’s exclusive profound technique, subtle yet inexhaustible. Once you start practicing the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts, your entire body will have a hard time adjusting to the cold and will more or less show some negative side effects. In the Frozen Cloud Asgard, this is common sense that’s known to all the disciples. Even master and master’s ancestors experienced this. Once the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts have been trained to a certain extent, these negative side effects will disappear completely on their own.”

“Yes, yes, what you said isn’t wrong.” Xiao Che nodded with deep consideration then said with a chuckle: “But I also finally have some understanding of why Frozen Cloud Asgard teaches to prohibits emotion and suppresses desires… because even if the women of Frozen Cloud Asgard had lovers, they still wouldn’t be able to have children. If this were to be leaked, it would be very harmful to Frozen Cloud Asgard’s prestige. It’s better to just to prohibit the disciples of Frozen Cloud Asgard from seeing men and at the same time, protect this pretty disgraceful secret.”

Xia Qingyue’s eyebrows suddenly slanted and her gaze abruptly became cold. For the first time, she was truly angry at Xiao Che: “Shut up! I can tolerate your nonsense… but I won’t allow you to insult my school! If you continue with even half a sentence more of that kind of talk, then I won’t forgive you!”

Now, the previously cautious and cowering Xiao Che had not even a hint of a fearful expression. Instead, he faintly smiled and said leisurely: “Whether or not I was wrong, I know very well. I can also tell you… the more powerful the profound strength, the longer the life expectancy. However, from your pulse, I am absolutely certain that the life expectancy of members of your Frozen Cloud Asgard is one third less than that of someone else with the same level of profound strength, if not more!”

“Am I right or am I wrong?”

Xiao Che’s words were like a clap of thunder next to Xia Qingyue’s ears and caused her two beautiful pupils to contract for an instant.





Chapter 18 – A Silver Needle to Release the Cold


“Who did you hear that from?” Xia Qingyue coldly asked, her thoughts startled. At the same level of profound strength, the life expectancy of members of Frozen Cloud Asgard was shorter than other people’s by a large amount. This was the cruel truth. Even within Frozen Cloud Asgard, this was a secret that had always been suppressed by the Frozen Cloud Asgard’s leadership.

The reason why Xia Qingyue knew about it was because her master had absentmindedly mentioned it to her after one of her breakthroughs. Furthermore, she told her that this was Frozen Cloud Asgard’s biggest flaw and strictly ordered her not to tell anyone, including her fellow disciples. Yet here, Xiao Che had readily said it out loud.

“If I were the master of the Frozen Cloud Asgard, I would use all my might to hide this ‘flaw’ and prevent outsiders from finding out. Do you think I could’ve possibly heard this from anyone?” Xiao Che said, curling his lips: “I really came to this conclusion from measuring your pulse, that’s all. From your reaction, it seems that everything I said was right.”

“I don’t believe you!” Xia Qingyue resolutely shook her head. To be able to infer Frozen Cloud Asgard’s biggest secret just from a pulse? That’s ridiculous. If it was that easy, with the countless number of spirit doctors in Blue Wind Empire, Frozen Cloud Asgard’s secret would have been exposed who knows how many years ago.

However, everything Xiao Che had just said went straight to the crux of the matter, without any flaws at all. There was no way Xia Qingyue would not be bewildered.

“I knew that you won’t believe me.” Xiao Che picked up the medicinal pot and package from the ground and walked into the house. “Follow me.”

Xia Qingyue’s gaze swept over the items held in his hands. After a bit of hesitation, she followed him into the room and closed the door behind her.

After setting down the medicinal pot and package, Xiao Che ordered Xia Qingyue: “Sit down.”

“What do you want to do?” Xia Qingyue looked at him with suspicion.

“Obviously, I want to treat you.”

“There’s no need.” Xia Qingyue immediately shook her head.

“Whether it’s necessary or not, it’s best if you wait until afterwards to decide… Hey! You shouldn’t be unwilling to even try it, right?”

Xiao Che opened the package and took out a silver box. He let out a sigh, a look of frustration and disappointment appeared on his face: “I know you basically don’t believe anything I say. But at the very least, I don’t have the ability, nor any reason, to hurt you. The reason I retrieved these things from the infirmary early in the morning is only because I wanted to give you treatment, that’s all. If it works, then that’s good, if not, you still won’t lose anything… Since you don’t want to believe me, and don’t want to give it a try, then forget it. Just pretend it’s unrequited affection.”

Xiao Che’s words startled Xia Qingyue and a bit of guilt grew in her heart… It was true that what he said before, and what he was saying now were all to help treat her. He didn’t request anything from her or raise any conditions. He also, as he said so himself, had no reason or ability to harm her… No matter what the result, to outright reject him was really a bit excessive.

Xia Qingyue let out a sigh in her heart and then sat down next to Xiao Che: “How are you going to treat me?”

“… You’re willing to receive treatment?” Xiao Che gave her a look and then turned his face away with a snort.

His attitude of a wronged child left Xia Qingyue unable to decide whether she should laugh or cry and her voice relaxed: “I want to see how you’ll treat me.”

“En, now that’s more obedient.” When Xiao Che turned his face back, his expression was all smiles. This caused Xia Qingyue to stare distractedly at him… This guy’s mood swings were really too quick!

“Extend your hand.”

Xiao Che sat in front of Xia Qingyue. Xia Qingyue also accordingly extended both arms, resting them horizontally on the table. Her red sleeves pushed up to her elbows, exposing a pair of creamy, snow white arms.

Xiao Che opened the silver box. Surprisingly, arranged inside were several tens of thread thin silver needles.

“Silver needles… Don’t tell me you are going to use acupuncture?” Xia Qingyue’s moon like brows raised.

“Eh? You actually know acupuncture?” Xiao Che gave her a somewhat surprised look. Back on Blue Cloud Continent, there weren’t even ten people that could perform acupuncture, even if he and his medical saint master were included. However, on Profound Sky Continent, this apparently was among one of the more popular medical treatments. It was even possible to find a set of acupuncture tools in the Xiao Clan’s infirmary.

“Of course I know. I also know that to be skilled in acupuncture techniques requires a lot of time. You need tens of years to have even a little bit of success. I’ve never heard that you were studying medical techniques, not to mention acupuncture. Also, your room doesn’t have the smell or mark of traditional medicine. What exactly are you going to do?” Xia Qingyue’s eyes all along were wary and suspicious.

Xiao Che took out a silver needle, gripping its base with two fingers… When Xiao Che picked up the silver needle, Xiao Qingyue’s gaze became slightly distracted. That was because in Xiao Che’s hands, that silver needle had a kind of indescribably feeling of harmony, as if it had been naturally grown from Xiao Che’s hands. This feeling was very subtle and indescribable, yet it clearly and truly existed.

Xiao Che opened a small bottle and carefully dipped the silver needle inside: “Whether or not I know how to perform acupuncture, you’ll immediately find out. Of course, if you feel that there’s something wrong, or feel that I’m playing around, you can have me stop whenever you want.”

“What’s inside that bottle?” Xia Qingyue’s gaze fell upon that small bottle.

“Ordinary juice from the scarlet sunflower.” Xiao Che responded without thinking, his gaze falling upon Xia Qingyue’s snowy arms. The left hand holding the silver needle flickered slightly.

Xiao Che’s movement was exceedingly fast, so fast that Xia Qingyue couldn’t react. When Xiao Che’s left hand withdrew, the silver needle between his fingers could no longer be seen. Instead, on her right wrist, a silver needle was inserted vertically… accurately landing on the Yang Chi acupuncture point.

There was no pain, it could be better described as no feeling at all. If it weren’t for the fact that she was staring blankly at this silver needle, she wouldn’t have known that there was a silver needle piercing her wrist at all. Xia Qingyue was moved… So quick? No, this was quick! But rather skillful! A kind of skill that had reached an astonishing level, to the point where it could be said to be at its peak!

The second silver needle was picked up by Xiao Che and dipped in the scarlet sunflower juice. As he leaned towards Xia Qingyue’s right wrist, his wrist shook slightly and the second silver needle accurately pierced the Yang Gu acupuncture point. The third and fourth needle were pierced into the Zhong Zhu and He Gu points respectively.

After the right hand, another four silver needles pierced the left hand’s Yang Chi, Yang Gu, Zhong Zhu, and He Gu four points. Each time, his movements were so quick that Xia Qingyue could only see a faint shadow pass by. The astonishment in her heart also accordingly rose with each silver needle’s pierce.

(TL: RAW said her astonishment overlapped with the needles or something)

She didn’t know if Xiao Che’s “treatment” would have any effect, but Xia Qingyue fundamentally couldn’t believe that this technique, skillful to the point of bewitchment, was performed by a sixteen year old boy.

“Relax your hands and breathe steadily. Under no circumstances are you to use profound strength.”

Xiao Che’s voice echoed next to her ear. She cooperated with him, her hands loosened and her breath calmed. At this moment, she suddenly felt ice cold air condense within both hands. Then, as if finding a drain, it quickly rushing towards the four Yang Chi, Yang Gu, Zhong Zhu, and He Gu points that had been pierced by silver needles…

Suddenly, wisps of white mist slowly rose above the eight silver needles, the cold air stored within quickly lowering the surrounding temperature. Upon feeling the cold air fleeing from her meridians and the quickly rising white fog, Xia Qingyue’s snowy face violently twitched.

It took a few minutes for the white fog to completely stop rising. At this time, Xiao Che suddenly reached out and flicked both his hands, his fingers moving like a mirage. In a split second, all eight of the silver needles that had been pierced into Xia Qingyue’s hands had been returned into his and then placed in a different case.

“This cold air was even heavier than I thought. It’s good that you met me.” Xiao Che muttered in a small voice, then closed the silver needle case and said: “Qingyue my wife, how do your hands feel now?”

Xia Qingyue raised both of her hands, her eyes wavering. Light, cozy, warm… that was how her hands felt right now. As if she was suddenly freed from some kind of heavy restraint. It was the first time since she started cultivating the Frozen Cloud Sacred Arts that she had felt this kind of warmth in her palm and arms. She lifted her eyes to look at Xiao Che, asking in astonishment: “What exactly is this?”

“It’s actually really simple. I just released the cold air inside your hands and the meridians in your hands. At the same time, I unblocked the clogged meridians. That’s all.” Xiao Che humbly said: “Your Frozen Cloud Asgard’s profound technique can allow profound qi to become ice cold and thus greatly increase your power. The reason the ice cold profound qi is more powerful is because cold air is very harmful to people… Your enemies are people, but you are also a person. Before harming someone else, you inevitably harm yourself first. This is a very obvious principle.”

“This morning, when I touched your palm, I found that your palm’s temperature was much colder than that of a normal person. Perhaps the members of your Frozen Cloud Asgard really believe that this is the expected result of cultivating the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts, but from a medical standpoint, it would be weird if this kind of body temperature was considered normal!! Normally, when you don’t use your profound strength, the profound strength collects in your profound veins and won’t influence your body. However, as soon as it’s used, the Frozen Cloud profound qi links with your entire body, injuring it when it’s released. When it’s circulating, it will also harm you! You should not have been cultivating the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts for more than a few years but a large amount of cold air has already permeated your five viscera, six bowels, blood, bone marrow, and dantian, and it is still accumulating. Over time, it will continually cause severe harm to your internal organs, it would be strange if it didn’t shorten your life! These negative effects really are things you would never come across normally.”

(TL: plz google these medical things yourself)

Xia Qingyue: “…”

“In addition, under the cold air, the body’s many meridians will frequently spasm and then close up, greatly affecting your ability to use profound qi. You can try to transfer profound strength to your hands and see how it compares to before.” Xiao Che spoke with a stern face.

Xiao Che’s confident opinion was stated reasonably from start to finish and was presented with cause and effect. Not only that but the reasoning was so easy to understand that even an idiot listening could understand. Once Xiao Che’s earnest reactions were added, it was basically impossible to question or refute him.

As Xiao Che was speaking with that stern face, his heart was actually grimacing… because while everything that he had just said was actually true, but it was both true… and yet also nonsense!

That cold air amassing within would harm the body was true. The fact that it would close the meridians was also true… but if the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts were as unbearable as he stated, how would Frozen Cloud Asgard be worth anything? Not to mention being at the peak of the Blue Wind Empire, it wouldn’t even be able to last another eight hundred years. After cultivating the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts for a while, the body will have completely gotten used to it. Then, the cold air in the body, while it used to be harmful, would not only stop harming them, but also provide assistance. The congested meridians would also naturally clear.

However, Xia Qingyue has only been cultivating the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts for three or four years. She naturally couldn’t be at the “completely adapted” phase. With his words combining with her own experiences up to now, in addition to the feeling after the “treatment”, Xiao Che’s arguments sounded fundamentally flawless to her.

“Treatment”, was only an excuse. The Frozen Cloud Secret Arts’ “flaw” was also only an excuse. What he wanted to accomplish, only he knew.





Chapter 19 – Opening the Profound


After hearing Xiao Che’s words, Xia Qingyue tried to concentrate her profound strength into her hands. Immediately, her heart once again skipped a beat. That was because compared to before, the profound strength flowing into her hands was unobstructed by a large margin. Its speed was also faster by twenty or thirty percent.

Seeing Xia Qingyue’s reaction, Xiao Che nodded in satisfaction: “Don’t you feel that it’s much less congested and faster than before? If we release the rest of the cold air in your body and clear your meridians, you’ll have the same body temperature as a normal person’s when not practicing the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts. None of the negative side effects will manifest and the speed at which you can use your profound strength will increase by at least half. Not only that, from now on, the speed at which you cultivate the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts will increase by at least thirty percent. Oh, I’m only just casually speaking. If you just listened casually too, then that would be fine, because you would never allow me to do these things.”

As Xiao Che spoke, he already started cleaning up the things that he had brought from the infirmary.

“Did you just say… that the speed at which I cultivate the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts will increase by thirty percent?” Xia Qingyue suddenly turned her head. Xiao Che’s statement absolutely shocked her, so much so that she wanted to believe him, yet couldn’t bring herself to do so.

A pill that would allow a person to, for one or two years, advance ten or twenty percent faster would be, without contest, classified as a rare treasure; so much that it would cause a huge scramble that would give rise to a battlefield drenched in bloody rain. Yet the meaning of Xiao Che’s words… was actually a permanent increase of thirty percent!!

This sentence was far more than astonishing! If there was something, or some condition, that allowed a person’s cultivation speed to permanently increase as much as thirty percent, Xia Qingyue believed without a doubt that all of the world’s heroes would flock out to obtain it with all their power.

“Yes.” Xiao Che nodded. “It’s up to you whether you believe me or not.”

On the contrary, Xiao Che’s “believe it or not” attitude caused Xia Qingyue to believe in him some more. That, coupled with the effects of his treatment that she had personally experienced, meant that she was unable to question much when faced with the astonishing things that he humbly said afterwards. This feeling surprised even herself. The huge Frozen Cloud Asgard had been in existence on Blue Wind Empire for thousands of years, but had never heard of the existence of a method with this kind of shocking result. In this small Floating Cloud City, a youth of only sixteen years age with a deformed profound vein unexpected could say this confidently… and also had her unable to stop herself from faintly believing in him.

“If it really has the effect that you claim… then why would you say that I wouldn’t agree to have you do it?” Xia Qingyue asked.

“Well…” Xiao Che lifted the corner of his mouth and deadpanned: “It’s really simple. If you think about it, you’ll understand. To extract the cold air from your entire body and clear the meridians, then you definitely need to have needles all over your body. Since you need to have needles on your body, then of course you’d have to undress. At the very least you would have to show me your entire back… You won’t even let me touch your hand, are you willing to undress in front of me?”

Xia Qingyue: “…”

“Alright, the silver needles have been used. I should take these back to the infirmary.” Xiao Che gave Xia Qingyue a faint smile: “No need to thank me. After all, you are my wife. Yesterday, in the dead of night, you ran out to bring me a blanket, so whatever I do for you is only to be expected.”

Watching Xiao Che’s back as he packed everything, Xia Qingyue’s expression continuously changed. Finally, she once again voluntarily spoke: “I’ve always known about the accumulation of cold air in my body. I also know that the early stages of the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts will congest my meridians. If scattering the cold air and clearing the meridians really can relieve the body’s discomfort, and will also definitely improve the use of profound strength… what does it have to do with increasing the speed at which I cultivate profound strength?”

“This touches on very complex medical knowledge. En, very complex, so I don’t really want to talk about it. Also, I bet that even if I did explain, you wouldn’t be able to understand,” Xiao Che vaguely replied. His forehead almost breaking out into cold sweat… He originally believed that the earlier words coupled with the acupuncture treatment had already succeeded in convincing Xia Qingyue. He didn’t expect that she would suspiciously ask about it, and straight about the crux of the matter to boot… That was because there wasn’t the slightest bit of relationship between the the speed of cultivation, and the cold air and meridians.

Fortunately, Xia Qingyue didn’t continue her line of questioning. Right when Xiao Che finished wrapping everything up, she spoke again: “ These things, where did you learn them from? From your acupuncture technique just now, you definitely have the qualifications to join those huge medical schools! If you really have the ability to do what you just said, then not to mention this small Floating Cloud City, all of Blue Wind Empire would know your name. How could you remain unknown, and instead have this reputation as a cripple?”

Join those medical schools? Xiao Che curled his lips in disdain. He then turned around and serenely stated: “These things were all taught to me by my master.”

“Your… master?” Xiao Qingyue’s moon like brows twitched. She had never heard of Xiao Che having any kind of master.

“My master was a great medical saint. His entire life was spent using his knowledge to help people, and he saved countless dying and injured people. I met him when I was very young. He taught me the four ways of medical diagnosis, how to use the needle, and the principles of pharmacology and toxicology. He taught me that under heaven, there was a countless number of medicines and poisons, pests and herbs. I am his only successor. His kindness to me was as heavy as a mountain, impossible to replay in this lifetime… That is why I know some medical techniques. As for the rest, you shouldn’t ask too much. Also, don’t tell any outsiders that I practice medicine. Even my grandfather and little aunt are unaware. Aside from myself, you’re the only other person who knows.”

(TL: four ways of medical diagnosis = look, smell, ask, and cut)

As he thought about his dead master, Xiao Che could not stop his face from showing a sad and nostalgic expression. This was his most sincere emotion, without a shred of falsehood or artifice. This sincere emotion also affected Xia Qingyue, who, with complete conviction in Xiao Che’s words, gently said: “For you to be this young and yet have such shocking skill in acupuncture, it seems that your master definitely is a great doctor.”

“He was the world’s greatest doctor, without peer!” Xiao Che firmly said.

Xiao Che’s appearance caused Xia Qingyue’s inner doubt to unconsciously lessen by a bit. After hesitating for a bit, she finally made her up mind: “… Then, you are sure that what you said about letting me permanently cultivate thirty percent faster… is true?”

“Since I said it, then I wouldn’t disgrace my master’s name as a doctor. En? You wouldn’t be… thinking about trying it?” Xiao Che turned around and looked at her with a face full of astonishment.

Xia Qingyue let out a small sigh of relief, glancing over: “You’re sure you only need to see the back.”

Xiao Che’s eyes lit up and his face moved closer. He smilingly said: “If you really want to show everything, then that’s okay too…”

Xia Qingyue’s eyebrows drooped and her red sleeves unfurled. A sudden gust of cold wind assaulted Xiao Che’s entire body, causing him to shiver. She walked towards the bed, faintly saying: “Let’s start. Let me see if your medical techniques are as miraculous as you say… However, if you get any ideas, I definitely won’t forgive you.”

Xiao Che gave a wily smile: “You could kill me with a slap. Even if I had ideas I wouldn’t dare try.”

The box of silver needles and jar of crimson sunflower juice that had just been put away were once again brought out. Afterwards, he walked to the bedside and said with a solemn face to the Xia Qingyue already sitting on top the bed: “Undress!”

It was a pure word but when shouted by Xiao Che, it gave an impression of an evil tyrant forcing himself upon an innocent woman.

When thinking about this, the inner heart of even the incorruptible, and world defiant pure lotus that was Xia Qingyue, upon hearing this word, had some kind of reaction… However, the temptation of a permanent thirty percent increase to her cultivation speed was too much to bear. So much that it’s safe to say that no profound practitioners would be able to resist! This was because if it really succeeded, it’s the same as saying that with the same talent and comprehension, the same profound arts and profound skills, and the same environment and resources, the advancement from cultivating three years would be equivalent to the opposition’s cultivation of four years! After a century, you would exceed the opposition’s advancement by thirty years!

Xiao Che also was certain that even though Xia Qingyue had to undress, she still wouldn’t refuse. That was because Xia Qingyue clearly was girl seeking to climb to higher heights of profound strength, if not, she wouldn’t have joined Frozen Cloud Asgard without care about the consequences of abstaining from both emotion and passion.

If everything were to happen as he said, then this kind of price would be absolutely worth it… To say nothing of the fact that it was only the back. Xia Qingyue thought of it like this and turned her back to Xiao Che. She gently laid down on her stomach, her heart as still as a mirror. She closed her eyes and unbuttoned her dress. Her crimson dress slowly slid along the lines of her fragrant shoulders and jade like arms. The dazzling white back of a beautiful girl, without a stitch to cover it, appeared in front of Xiao Che’s eyes.

She pulled over the quilt, holding it at her bosom. The red dress continued to slide down, revealing an ample and alluring bottom, exposing the liquid curve of her jadelike back. Her back was slender, yet not scrawny, clear and lustrous without peer. The skin of her neck and shoulder were flawlessly soft and seemingly pink, as if it had been lubricated. Xiao Che’s rapt gaze widened, as if he was in a trance.

“Start immediately! You’re not allowed to have any other ideas!” Xia Qingyue closed her eyes, her voice cold.

“Isn’t a woman’s body supposed to be seen by her husband?” Xiao Che carefully muttered, then closed his mouth and picked up a silver needle. The moment the needle was in his hand, his expression became heavy with concentration.

As Xia Qingyue felt the steadying of Xiao Che’s breath behind her, she swallowed her retort and no longer spoke, lightly closing her eyes. Although even now, she still couldn’t quite believe that what Xiao Che said was the truth… but she couldn’t resist the temptation of a thirty percent increase to her cultivation speed, no matter how small of a chance it was.

The sound of wind could be heard accompanying the sway of Xiao Che’s wrists. A silver needle lightly and accurately pierced the Tian Zong acupuncture point on Xia Qingyue’s jade like back. His finger didn’t touch her skin at all.

Xiao Che began to move his fingers as if they were flying, the silver needles were picked up by him one by one, rapidly and accurately piercing Xia Qingyue’s back. It was almost to the point where all that could be seen was a swaying shadow.

Xia Qingyue closed her eyes, all of her attention on her back. She began to notice that every time a silver needle pierced into her back, there was always a trace of profound strength accompanying it. This discovery immediately caused Xia Qingyue’s heart to skip a beat.

She was perfectly clear about the condition of Xiao Che’s body. With his deformed profound veins, he could only stop at the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm. The only profound qi that he could use was the most basic and smallest kind. However, as each needle was inserted into her back, even though the accompanying profound qi was minute, it was still at the upper limit for the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm!

She did not know why Xiao Che needed to add profound strength to the needles. However, this clearly meant that with every needle, he was using all of his strength.

She didn’t notice for the first eight needles because they were placed so quickly and her concentration was all on Xiao Che’s technique. This awareness made it momentarily impossible to calm the waves in her heart.

At this point, her back had been had been pierced by twenty three needles. Xiao Che’s speed also noticeably decreased. If Xia Qingyue had looked back at this moment, she would have seen that his entire face was faintly red and his brow was beaded with sweat.





Chapter 20 – This is Really Interesting…


For the first 20 or so needles, Xiao Che’s handling was very effortless. However, when sweat started to appear on his forehead, the left hand holding the needle also started to tremble. In addition, his movements clearly slowed by quite a bit. Before, he could pierce one needle in the space of a breath, but then it gradually turned into several breaths… after thirty needles, it took longer and longer each time.

If Xia Qingyue looked back, she would notice that while Xiao Che was giving acupuncture treatment, he always used his left hand. He wasn’t left-handed at all, and it’s even less true that his left hand was more skilled. Rather, it was because the Sky Poison Pearl was contained in his left hand.

Whenever a silver needle pierced down, the Sky Poison Pearl in his palm would lightly flicker once. Following the silver needles, the Sky Poison Pearl’s power silently entered Xia Qingyue’s body. Of course, this power wasn’t some kind of poison, but rather was a purifying force. The Sky Poison Pearl had the ability to purify the world’s tens of thousands of poisons. In addition, this “poison” didn’t necessarily have to be a life ending kind of poison, but also included poisons that damaged the body’s interior, as well as superfluous impurities. However, this wasn’t necessarily as simple as washing the marrow and cutting the artery. To use the power of the Sky Poison Pearl was the main reason that he racked his brains today figuring out how to give Xia Qingyue acupuncture treatment.

To disperse the cold air and clear the meridians were only side effects and pretenses. What he was really doing was “opening the profound” for Xia Qingyue.

One minute passed… ten minutes passed… a quarter of an hour passed…

Wisps of cold air slowly rose from each and every silver needle. After a full half an hour had passed, Xia Qingyue’s back had been pierced by a full fifty four needles. Xiao Che’s hands finally stopped moving at this point but after stopping for not even half a minute, he once again reached out, both hands dancing. He removed each and every needle from Xia Qingyue’s back with incomparable swiftness. In the blink of an eye, all of the fifty four needles had vanished from Xia Qingyue’s back.

Xia Qingyue’s jade back was still luminously snow white, like the purest of white jade. Under Xiao Che’s extremely skilled technique, not a single mark was left.

“It’s done…” Xiao Che, having recovered all the needles, breathed a long sigh of relief.

The moment all the silver needles were removed, Xia Qingyue felt as if she were floating through heaven, her entire body indescribably warm and cozy. It made it hard for her to believe, through her stupor, that this was indeed her own body.

She threw her clothes back on and immediately used her profound strength. As the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts rushed forth, she almost jumped in fright, because her profound strength transferred practically the moment the thought crossed her mind. The speed at which it circulated within her body was a cause for joy, as it was many times faster than it was before.

Even after practicing the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts for four years, she still frequently had moments when she couldn’t completely control it. However, now, feeling the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts circulating through her body, she was completely certain that with her body in its current state, she could completely control it. The speed at which the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts circulated also, as a natural result, improved by a tier!

She did not have many hopes to begin with, so she was pleasantly surprised from the bottom of her heart at this kind of result. At the same time, she was also overwhelmingly shocked… shocked that everything that Xiao Che had spoken of had in fact been achieved! Furthermore, the results were even better than he said they would be!

She believed that her current body state would even startle her own master, if she were to see it!

“Now… do you believe me?”

Xiao Che’s voice echoed next to her ear, but seemed to be especially hoarse and weak. Xia Qingyue returned to her senses and looked towards Xiao Che. He was powerlessly leaning against the headboard. His forehead and all of his clothing had already been soaked in sweat and his complexion was pale enough to frighten, like he had just survived a severe illness.

Thinking about how every needle had been accompanied by profound strength, an aching feeling suddenly appeared in her heart… a feeling similar to being pricked. This feeling threw her mind into disorder, because she shouldn’t have any feelings of heartache for this person that she could only share the status of being married, and nothing else, with.

“I believe you… I believe that you really are a spirit doctor.” Xia Qingyue gave him a complex look: “It turns out that you, who had been looked down upon by everybody in Floating Cloud City, actually had such an shocking ability… But, you clearly know that I don’t have any kind of affection for you. After one month, I will still forever leave you… Why expose all of this to me? Why grant me such a large favor and… try so hard for me?”

Favor… this was really an incomparably immense favor.

“Three reasons.” The powerless Xiao Che panted and was gasping for breath, but still smiled with his entire face: “Almost everyone looked down on me and you had even more reason to look down on me. But you didn’t, and instead have always protected my pathetic dignity to the best of your ability… Last night, you went out to look for me because you were worried, and also silently delivered a blanket for me… Everyone who treats me well, I will forever treat them even better!”

Xia Qingyue: “…”

“The second reason… You are, all in all, my wife.”

Xia Qingyue opened her mouth a few times, but couldn’t find the words.

“The third reason is also the most important reason…” The smile on Xiao Che’s face turned vague: “I thought that your appearance after undressing would be a lovely sight to see.”

“…” Whenever Xiao Che took liberties with her using his vulgar mouth, she would always treat him with a cold indifference. However, this time, watching the vulgar smile on his pale face, she couldn’t bring herself to be angry.

“The explanation is over.” Xiao Che extended a hand towards the medicinal pot that he had brought: “Qingyue my wife, go pour out the medicine in that medicinal pot and drink it.”

Xia Qingyue gave him a very deep look, then walked over without asking what kind of medicine it was. She poured the concoction from the pot out and swallowed it in one gulp.

“This is the first treatment. If you want to keep this current state forever, you need a total of seven ‘treatments’. The best time is at three in the morning because this the one time in the day when the Ying qi is the heaviest and result of the treatment, the best. Of course, whether we proceed or not, the decision lies with you.”

After saying all of that, Xiao Che closed his eyes in exhaustion. It definitely wasn’t an act, his physical strength had truly been gravely overtaxed.

“Have a good rest.” Xia Qingyue’s gaze became even more complex. After she quietly spoke, she walked outside and soundlessly closed the door.

Standing in the center of the courtyard, Xia Qingyue raised her hands and looked at her palms, the expression in her eyes hazy.

What kind of person is he really?

At the very least, I’ve always judged him wrongly… All of Floating Cloud City have also judged him wrongly.

After Xia Qingyue left, Xiao Che’s body had also fallen completely and crookedly onto the bed. He rested there, not wanting to move at all, his mouth occasionally uttering a vague mumble.

“Huhu… My current stamina is too poor. I almost collapsed from fatigue just opening the profound…”

“If master knew that I actually had the other person take off her clothes, he might be angry enough to come down from heaven to teach me a lesson… After all… I could practice acupuncture through clothing at the age of thirteen… and could practice acupuncture through clothing with my eyes closed at fifteen… huhu… to sleep…”

……………………

The entire Xiao Clan had been immersed in an extremely different atmosphere every since they received the letter from the Xiao Sect. Clan master, elders, performed their duties each day with great diligence. From morning to evening, they prepared to greet them for fear of showing the least bit of neglect. The younger generation, as if on steroids, trained even harder. They all dreamed of having a breakthrough in these next few days, thereby increasing the chance of being brought back to the Xiao Sect…

However, all of this clearly had nothing to do with Xiao Che. He could be counted as the most leisurely person in the entire Xiao Clan.

Today, at the Xiao Clan’s rear mountain.

This was the cemetery opened up in the rear mountains by the Xiao Clan. After a member of the Xiao Clan died, it was more than likely that they would be buried here.

Xiao Lie quietly stood in front of a gravestone, his white hair, the result of having been through many changes and sorrow, fluttering freely in the wind. The wind whistled. Everything else was desolate.

On this gravestone, the two words “Xiao Ying” were engraved.

“… Ying Er, I know that ever since childhood, you dreamed of fulfilling your ancestor’s hopes and returning to the Xiao Sect. To shake off this abandoned blood of ours. Now, this opportunity has finally arrived, it’s just… a entire sixteen years too late.”

The expression in Xiao Lie’s eyes was misty. He stiffly stood there, his mouth uttering an involuntary sort of mutter…

“I know, even though so many years have passed, that you still have many concerns… Che Er’s profound veins have been deformed since his childhood… This is also fine. Even though he’s destined to be mediocre all his life, but without action, there won’t be struggle and hatred. Now, Che Er is already married. I hope from now on he can always live on peacefully… Even though he’s not your real child, he is still the one that you two spent your lives, and the life of your child, to protect. I will also protect his peace to the best of my ability…”

*Snap*

A quiet snapping sound entered Xiao Lie’s ear, startling him. He returned to his senses in a flash and turned his head, shouting in a low voice. “Who?”

Following his shout, Xiao Yulong’s figure walked over from behind a thick and solid tree at the center of the courtyard. He looked at Xiao Lie distractedly, walked forward a few steps and assumed the proper etiquette of a junior: “Yulong greets Fifth Elder… I did not think that Fifth Elder would even be here? Did Yulong disturb Fifth Elder?”

Xiao Lie’s eyes revealed his turmoil… His heart was just then filled with sorrow and he was despondent for a time. It was unexpected that he didn’t discover someone approach this place. He also didn’t know if this Xiao Yulong had heard his monologue just now. He furrowed his brows and asked: “Yulong, what are you doing here?”

Xiao Yulong promptly responded: “Xiao Sect’s emissaries will arrive tomorrow. Father believes that this is a large event that will change the Xiao Clan’s fate, and believed that he should inform his grandfather. So he had me come… To accidentally disturb the Fifth Elder, Yulong made a mistake.”

“Then did you hear what I just said?” Xiao Lie’s voice became cold and stiff all at once. An imposing aura abruptly pushed against Xiao Yulong.

The strength of a someone at the peak of the Spirit Profound Realm was more than what Xiao Yulong could withstand with his current ability. As his complexion paled, he immediately shook his head: “Yulong also just arrived. If Fifth Elder hadn’t just then spoke, I wouldn’t have discovered Fifth Elder. I definitely didn’t hear Fifth Elder say anything… If Fifth Elder does not wish to be disturbed, Yulong will immediately leave!”

Xiao Lie couldn’t spot any gaps in Xiao Yulong’s expression. His thoughts relaxed a bit and his aura retracted. His expression also eased: “Forget it, it’s nothing. The Xiao Sect emissary will arrive tomorrow. You are the most likely to be selected. When that time comes, you will be reviving our blood’s greatest wish.”

“Fifth Elder’s words are heavy. Yulong doesn’t deserve them,” Xiao Yulong humbly said.

Xiao Lie nodded towards him and turned around to leave this place.

After he left, Xiao Yulong’s expression gradually changed subtle. He rubbed his chin with his right hand and muttered with a frown: “Don’t tell me… if this is true, this would be really interesting…”





Chapter 21 – Sharing the Same Bed


Habit was a frightening thing. It could inconspicuously and quietly tamper with a person’s heart.

During the marriage ceremony, Xiao Che wanted to lend an arm to Xia Qingyue and had his arm mercilessly frozen by her. The first time he called her “wife”, it almost sent her into a rage. The first time he led her by the hand, Xiao Che could feel the ice cold killing intent coming from her…

However, during these few days, the “Qingyue my wife” call coming from Xiao Che’s mouth became more and more smooth. No matter what she thought in her heart, she appeared on the surface to have wholly come to accept this form of address. Even undressing in front of him wasn’t that awkward anymore, not to mention him leading her by the palm.

These few days, Xiao Che without a doubt slept in the corner, but it wasn’t that uncomfortable with the thick blanket spread on the floor. Whenever three in the morning came about, he would wake up by himself and use the silver needles to give her “treatment”. These few days, she also became more and more aware of how much her physique had astonishingly changed.

The lighting was dim, but Xia Qingyue’s back was like jade, her skin brighter than snow. Xiao Che held the silver needles in his hand as his fingers fluttered. Before long, he was covered in sweat. Half an hour later, another session of “opening the profound” had finished. Xiao Che removed all of the silver needles, a long sigh of relief escaping from his mouth. Exhausted, his mind suddenly felt dizzy and his body swayed before collapsing on top of Xia Qingyue’s bare back. An indescribable feeling of warmth and softness spread across his chest.

Xia Qingyue abruptly opened her eyes, a look of anger passing through them. She was just about to use strength push Xiao Che far away when she felt that his current breathing was unexpectedly, incomparably weak… weaker by several factors than any time before.

Xia Qingyue withdrew her profound strength and used only a small bit of power to push aside Xiao Che. She then dressed in a flash before extending a hand to support Xiao Che’s body. Looking at him, she asked, “What’s wrong?”

Xiao Che’s complexion was so pale that not even a trace of blood could be seen. His eyes were half open as if he had lost the strength to open them completely. He nodded slightly, then weakly said: “It’s nothing… I had just overused… my strength and energy a bit… Let me rest a little and I’ll be fine.”

Xia Qingyue’s eyes wavered, a feeling of an ache that she shouldn’t have once again appearing in her heart. After the first acupuncture treatment, his entire body had lost strength. Every time it happened, he was able to recover relatively easily. However, these last few days, he had to perform acupuncture on her every day. Every needle required the limit of his profound qi. His body was originally weak. To be continuously weakened like this… how could he afford that? It was possible for this to cause his body irreparable harm.

“… You don’t need to put in so much effort for me.” Xia Qingyue said with a complex look in her eyes.

Xiao Che grinned as he laughed: “No, you’re worth it… because you are my… official wife!”

Xia Qingyue: “…”

Xiao Che closed his eyes and slowly gathered his strength. Using a very quiet voice, he said: “Even though you married me to repay a debt of gratitude, you never considered me your husband. But there’s no way for me to act like you’re not my wife aside from divorcing you. Treating his woman well is also the most basic responsibility and most important honor for a man…”

After saying this, Xiao Che’s chest started to feel warm… I say! Even I was touched by those words, I don’t believe that you with your womanly heart, felt nothing!

For a long time, he didn’t hear any Xia Qingyue say anything. He opened his eyes, lightly took a few breaths, and then said with a pitiful expression: “Qingyue my wife, I might not be able to walk very well. Can you… help me over there?”

His eyes looked towards that corner… the place where he slept.

Xia Qingyue gave the blanket covering the ground a look, the aching feeling in her heart that she shouldn’t have intensifying a sliver. She shook her head, her body turning to the bedside. “You sleep on the bed, I’ll sleep there.”

Upon hearing this talk, Xiao Che was suddenly alarmed. Borrowing strength from who knows where, he quickly reached out and grabbed Xia Qingyue’s arm: “Out of the question! That’s definitely out of the question! Even though you are stronger than me in every respect… I’m a man, you’re a woman! As a man, how could I sleep on the bed and let a woman sleep on the floor! If you want to sleep there, then I’d rather sleep in the courtyard!”

His voice was urgent, and contained an irrefutable kind of resolution. As he finished speaking, he also struggled to get up, as if he wanted to get off the bed.

A complex expression appeared on Xia Qingyue’s face. She lightly bit her lip and, after a brief struggle, finally made a decision. She reached out and gave Xiao Che’s weak body a light push back, grabbed the crimson blanket, and covered both his and her own body with it.

“You’re not allowed to touch me.” Xia Qingyue laid down on the outside half of the bed, her back facing Xiao Che, hiding her current expression from him.

Xiao Che silently smiled. He quickly adopted a snug sleeping posture and happily closed his eyes. “Rest easy. With your profound strength, even if I wanted to, I still won’t be able to do anything to you… hu, sharing the same bed… only like this can we be considered husband and wife…”

Xia Qingyue: “…”

“Alright… Qingyue my wife, I’ll sleep first… wu, tomorrow I’ll have little aunt make me some ginseng and chicken soup to recuperate… wu…”

Xiao Che’s voice became more and more quiet. As his voice completely faded, his breathing also became exceptionally steady… he peacefully fell asleep in the midst of his immense exhaustion.

Xia Qingyue quietly turned towards him. Seeing Xiao Che’s face close at hand, her gaze trembled with a complex expression…

Ever since she joined Frozen Cloud Asgard, she had decided to suppress her feelings and desires for a lifetime. Never did she think that there would be a day where she would be sleeping in the same bed as a man. Before marrying Xiao Che, she wouldn’t allow even his slightest touch…

But now, she was sleeping in the same bed as him. Not only that, there wasn’t much unacceptance in her heart…

What’s wrong with me? Don’t tell me it’s because I feel guilty towards him?

Maybe…

Her thoughts agitated, she unwittingly also sank into her dreams. She didn’t realize that being able to fall asleep so quickly with a man clearly laying right next to her meant that unconsciously, her heart already did not hold any feelings of wariness or rejection towards Xiao Che.

This nap had Xiao Che sleeping until three hours after sunrise. When he opened his eyes, Xia Qingyue was already gone from his side. Her figure was also nowhere to be found inside the room.

Even though he rested for an entire night, his body was still stressed, and it felt as if he had a grave injury. Xiao Che got up, letting out a heavy sigh and thought out loud:“If this continues, there’s a chance my body really will break down. I seem to have excessively showed off a bit too much.”

“However, this is the only way to have her willingly look for those three things for me.”

Xiao Che got off the bed and changed his clothing. After taking off his outer garments, he held the pendant hanging around his neck, momentarily dazed… On the first day of his rebirth, the overlapping memories gave rise to an immense suspicion concerning this pendant. That’s because in his life on Azure Cloud Continent, he also had a pendant around his neck that was exactly the same as this one! The pendant appeared to be made of silver, and could be opened to reveal a bright and clean mirror on each side. However, that was it. There was nothing else special about it.

On Azure Cloud Continent, his master told him that this pendant was around his neck when he picked him up. In addition, the one on his neck now has also been around his neck for as long as he could remember. Grandfather told him that this was something that his father, Xiao Ying, got from who knows where. Ever since he was born, it has been around his neck and has also served as a memory of his father.

Two lives… the exact same pendant… what exactly is going on here?

After changing his clothes, Xiao Che immediately entered the Sky Poison Pearl. Inside the emerald green world, the scarlet haired girl was still peacefully floating in a protective posture, showing no signs of waking up.

These two days, he tried to roundaboutly ask grandfather and Xia Qingyue if there was any place that had red haired people. The response he always got was “this is the first time hearing of it”. This caused Xiao Che to have an even greater interest and suspicion towards this girl’s identify. However, he didn’t tell anyone of this girl’s existence.

Having changed into a set of casual clothing, he gave his body a stretch. Suddenly, an alluring and delicious smell passed in front of Xiao Che’s nose, causing him to momentarily salivate. He followed the smell and, upon seeing a pot of soup on the table, rushed over with all speed. As he opened the lid, a gust of steam accompanied by a seductively delicious smell slowly rose up.

“Ginseng and chicken soup… Ah! Little aunt is the best after all!” Xiao Che’s stomach immediately rumbled. He picked up the chopsticks and started gulping down the food. After he ate for a while, the front door was pushed open, and Xiao Lingxi, dressed in all light yellow, charmingly walked in. Upon seeing Xiao Che’s table manners, she opened her mouth to say: “Yi? Chicken soup? It smells delicious! And it seems to have the smell of ginseng. Little Che, who made this chicken soup for you? Hee hee, and you didn’t tell me, sneakily eating here by yourself!”

Xiao Lingxi’s words gave Xiao Che a moment of pause: “Little aunt, don’t tell me that you didn’t bring this over?”

“Of course not!” As Xiao Lingxi finished speaking, the expression in her eyes suddenly became strange: “Who else in this Xiao Clan would make chicken soup for you besides me? Hmm… It can only be your wife, Qingyue! It seems that the relationship between you two as husband and wife is fairly good.”

Xiao Lingxi’s words obviously carried a sense of sourness. Xiao Che set down his chopsticks and muttered: “She… How could she… make chicken soup for me…”

This definitely wasn’t possible!

“Hmph! It doesn’t matter who made it for you. To begin with you liked chicken soup, just drink it all… I came here to tell you that the Xiao Sect people will arrive in the afternoon. Right now, the entire Xiao Clan is preparing for it. When the time comes, you have to be a bit careful. You must not carelessly offend the Xiao Sect people.” Xiao Lingxi solemnly said.

“I know. If worse comes to worst, I just won’t go outside. They couldn’t possible select me anyway.” Xiao Che answered indifferently.

“You can’t stay inside.” Xiao Lingxi shook her jade like finger at him, sternly saying: “From what the clan master said, the young master from the Xiao Sect wants to review everyone in the Xiao Clan… Not one can be missing! At that time, you must not forget your manners.”

“Then there’s even less to worry about. It’s not like little aunt doesn’t know that I always have been the most well behaved.” Xiao Che answered with a smile. He then started to gulp down the food again.

“Alright. Then I’ll go to daddy first to help. It’d be good if you joined us after you finish eating the chicken soup.” Xiao Lingxi turned and left as soon as she finished speaking.





Chapter 22 – Upheaval (1)


Not long after Xiao Lingxi left, Xia Qingyue returned. Today she had traded her red clothes for a water-blue dress embroidered with a phoenix design. In her hair was a sapphire pin, from her ears dangled a pair of pearl earrings, and around her neck hung a sapphire blue pearl necklace. The visible neck skin was lustrously snow white, transparent to the point where it seemed that even the bones underneath could be seen. It radiated light and was an extremely beautiful sight to behold.

Xiao Che stared at her with an overwhelmed expression, his eyes intensely lighting up. This kind of uniquely beautiful scene, wasn’t it just like a picture of a fairy descending to the mortal realm…?

Xia Qingyue walked through the door, every step light and graceful as if she were stepping on clouds. Her snow-white face and pale neck were not only beautiful to the extreme, but also exuded a kind of nobility and cold proudness that would bring people to shame… No one who saw her would believe that she was merely the daughter of a small town merchant, but would rather think that she was an aloof and untouchable empress.

Xiao Che stared at her in a daze as his heart sighed a thousand times… This room was the only place that she could have changed! He must have been sleeping soundly and actually missed the beautiful scene of her changing! Ahhhhhhh, it was simply unforgivable!!

“Blue clothing suits you even better than red,” Xiao Che heartfeltly praised as he watched her, delighted beyond compare.

Xia Qingyue was not moved in the least by his admiration. Seeing the empty soup pot on the table, she walked over and picked it up, preparing to go outside.

“Did you make that chicken soup?” Xiao Che asked out loud.

“Did it taste bad?” Xia Qingyue asked in an ice cold manner, her back facing him. However, within the depth of her eyes was a subtle emotion that even she, herself, did not understand.

“It was really good. That was when I knew that you’re exceptional even when it comes to making soup.” Xiao Che said with a smile. He stood up and stretched, then said earnestly: “In order to repay my wife Qingyue’s chicken soup, tonight on the bed… I’ll put in even more energy.”

“……” Xia Qingyue had already become accustomed to his occasional flirting. She said expressionlessly: “The Xiao Sect people will arrive this afternoon. The leader is the youngest son of the Xiao Sect’s master, called Xiao Kuangyun. I heard master say that this Xiao Kuangyun’s profound strength cultivation can only be considered average among the younger generation of the Xiao Sect, and his reputation abroad is extremely poor. However, he is excessively spoiled because he’s the youngest son. There’s no one in Floating Cloud City that dares to provoke him. It’s best to try to avoid meeting him face to face.”

“Xiao Kuangyun? Alright, I understand. Thank you for warning me, Qingyue my wife.” Xiao Che said, beaming.

……………………………………

Today was the day of arrival for the people from the Xiao Sect.

News of the Xiao Sect’s arrival not only affected the Xiao Clan, but had also immensely affected all of Floating Cloud City.

Floating Cloud City was situated at the bottom of Blue Wind Empire in every respect. On the other hand, the Xiao Sect was situated at the very summit of the Blue Wind Empire. The number of levels between the two were innumerable. People from the Xiao Sect… and also the youngest son of the Xiao Sect’s master coming here in person was no different than the emperor visiting the lowest rural family. All of Floating Cloud City had been enveloped in a kind of nervous atmosphere. Some people faintly looked forward to it, hoping use any kind of method to establish even the tiniest bit of connection with the Xiao Sect. Even more people were alarmed in their hearts. Upon finding out that this afternoon is when they would arrive, they all locked themselves inside for fear of accidentally offending the other party… If the Xiao Sect’s people wanted to kill them, it wouldn’t be much different from stepping on an ant. For them, laws were just a joke.

The Xiao Clan’s main courtyard had been put in neat and tidy order, with not a spec of dust to be found anywhere. As early as two days ago, the Xiao Clan’s largest and most luxurious courtyard that Xiao Yunhai had always lived in had again been swept and decorated. Even the bedsheets, blankets and furniture had all been replaced. In addition, Xiao Yunhai had moved himself to the smaller courtyard next door. Even the next few day’s worth of food had been personally arranged by him… Although he was weary to death, his heart stayed incomparably exuberant! That’s because he was one hundred percent confident that his son Xiao Yulong would be the one selected by the Xiao Sect this time! At that time, his son would soar into the sky! And he, himself, would become someone that no one would dare provoke in Floating Cloud City… No! Rather, within a radius of hundred li!

(TL: li = .5 kilometer)

Starting from ten in the morning, Xiao Yunhai had personally led all of the elders to wait at the clan entrance, ready to greet the guests. They waited all the way until noon until noon… then… until the afternoon… it wasn’t until five in the afternoon when a Xiao Clan disciple ran back shouting from a distance: “Clan Master! They… they’ve arrived!! Xiao Sect’s people have arrived… That loftiness… it’s definitely the Xiao Sect!”

Everyone’s body shook. Xiao Yunhai took a quick step out, bellowing in a low voice: “Quick! Immediately notify everyone to make ready. I definitely won’t forgive anyone who messes up and offends the noble guests! Fellow elders, follow me out to meet them at once!”

Xiao Yunhai madly rushed out. Only after forging straight ahead for more than a li did he finally see four people unhurriedly walking in their direction.

Of the four of them, in the lead was a young man that looked to be about twenty years old with luxurious clothing, a normal build, and mediocre features. His white face contained a trace of sallowness, his appearance that of an excessive hedonist. As far as looks went, he wouldn’t stand out in the midst of a crowd. However, even such an ordinary face was full of wild arrogance and haughtiness. His hands were behind his back as he walked, his eyes looking upwards, not even glancing at the occasional passerby, as if even a look would dirty his eyes.

Following behind him was an elder in black clothing, his features calm like water. Even further back were two similarly black clothed youths. An silver eagle pattern was embroidered onto each of their shoulders.

Xiao Yunhai took a deep breath and then quickly walked up to welcome them. He cupped his fist in greeting, his body leant forward, and carefully and respectfully asked: “Excuse me, are you four the noble guests from the Xiao Sect?”

The young man in front stopped, glanced at them lazily, then said with half closed eyes: “That’s right, this noble one is the Xiao Sect’s Xiao Kuangyun.”

Xiao Yunhai’s attitude immediately became even more respectful. He reverently said: “It turned out to be four noble guests, that’s great! We have been looking forward to your arrival for a long time. Your humble servant is Floating Cloud City’s Xiao Clan’s current clan master. The five behind me are the Xiao Clan’s five esteemed elders. For four noble guests to come out all this way for our Xiao Clan, we are extremely grateful and humbled.”

“There’s no need to continue with the nonsense.” Xiao Kuangyun’s gaze flickered across all five elders. He then lazily shook his arms out: “Lead the way.”

“Yes, yes! Please follow me.” Xiao Yunhai promptly nodded and then turned his body to personally lead the way back to Xiao Clan.

“I’m afraid I don’t recognize this senior…”

“Xiao Moshan.” The black clothed elder replied indifferently. His face was without emotion, much like that of a corpse.

Xiao Yunhai didn’t dare to speak any further, his heart full of apprehension. He could make out Xiao Kuangyun’s level of profound strength cultivation, but couldn’t sense even a sliver of profound strength from this Xiao Moshan’s body. This could be because this Xiao Moshan hadn’t cultivated, which was clearly not possible. Either that, or his profound strength cultivation surpassed his ability to detect it by far.

By the time they returned to the Xiao Clan, a large group of people were already standing at the entrance. Upon seeing the respectful attitude of Xiao Yunhai in the front, their hearts thumped. Their eyes all fell upon that haughty young man, and then they all tripped over one another to welcome them.

“May I ask if this is the young master from the Xiao Sect?” A heavyset, middle aged man at the very front asked respectfully.

“Who are you?” Xiao Kuangyun slanted his half open eyes to look at him.

“I… I am the governor of Floating Cloud City. My lowly name is Situ Nan. When I heard that the noble guests from the Xiao Sect were arrival, I came… came to greet you.” Situ Nan’s voice started to tremble and cold sweat ran across his forehead. As Floating Cloud City’s governor, he had seen many important figures, but none of the important figures that he had seen amounted to anything in front of this young master of the Xiao Sect. The arrogant young man in front of him was only mediocre in terms of appearance, but just a word from him would spell his death.

“This humble servant is Yuwen Ba. I’ve been good friends with the Xiao Clan clan master for many years. I came… came to admire the gracefulness of the Xiao Sect young master. I also brought a few meager gifts, I hoping the young master will accept them.” The Yuwen family head, equally famous among the Xiao Clan and Floating Cloud City, also rushed forward, his face full of respect. His hands offered a small and delicate jade box.

Xiao Kuangyun passed his gaze over that jade box and then swept his hand towards the two people behind him. “Receive it.”

One of the people behind him immediately stepped forward and expressionlessly took the jade box into his hands.

Seeing that the Xiao Sect young master had actually accepted his gift, Yuwen Ba’s face filled with happiness. Other people looking to establish some small bit of relationship with the Xiao Sect scrambled forward to present their own gifts… Xiao Kuangyun didn’t refuse anyone and accepted all the gifts without question. Then, with slanted eyes, he carelessly spoke: “All of you withdraw. It’s already a bit late today. If there’s anything else, we’ll talk about it tomorrow.”

“Right, right! Young Master Xiao traveled over land and water to come here. He must be exhausted. We’ll come back tomorrow once Young Master Xiao has rested.” Governor Situ said as he nodded his head.

Only then did the crowd disperse.

Xiao Yunhai and the five elders respectfully introduced Xiao Kuangyun to the Xiao Clan. Xiao Yunhai said to them: “The four noble guests from the Xiao Sect have traveled at this way and must be exhausted. Would you like to have short rest first? An elegant residence has already been prepared.”

“There’s no need, my body isn’t that weak.” Xiao Kuangyun swept his gaze across the Xiao Clan as the corners of his mouth stretched, exposing a hard to hide disdain. He then unenthusiastically said: “If it weren’t for Elder Xiao Zheng’s death, I wouldn’t even have known there was this kind of place. I heard that the ancestor of this place was a piece of trash that our Xiao Sect had expelled. However, no matter how trashy, it’s still someone from the Xiao Sect. Even if he’s a piece of trash that the Xiao Sect didn’t want, he was still able to become a lord in this kind of place. To be able to grow like this over this many years, it’s still not bad.”

“Yes, yes. Thank you for the compliment, Young Master Xiao.”

Faced with Xiao Kuangyun’s naked contempt and disdain, Xiao Yunhai still nodded his head to express his thanks. How could he dare retort even a bit?

“The dead are important. The reason I personally came here is also to fulfill Elder Xiao Zheng’s final wish. We clearly stated our purpose to you in our letter. Tomorrow morning, have everyone in your clan assemble in this courtyard. Not one of them must be missing. I will personally select one to take with us back to the Xiao Sect.” After saying this last sentence, Xiao Kuangyun held his head high as if he were announcing heaven’s fortunate edict.





Chapter 23 – Upheaval (2)


“Yes! Tomorrow morning, everyone in the Xiao Clan will gather here. I promise not one will be missing.” Xiao Yunhai promptly pledged.

“Great! Our time is really precious; we only have tomorrow. I don’t want there to be any unexpected issues.” Xiao Kuangyun indifferently said, then tilted his head: “You are all the esteemed Elder Xiao Zheng’s descendents, it’s only right to bring this gift. Xiao Ba, deliver the gift.”

The one called Xiao Ba stepped forward and expressionlessly placed a wooden box in front of Xiao Yunhai. Xiao Yunhai’s hands trembled as he received it with a terrified expression on his face: “I thank… thank the Xiao Sect for its gift. I’m very grateful.”

“The thing inside is called ‘Profound Opening Powder’. It can clear a profound vein, letting a person cultivate much faster for a certain period of time. It also has a very good restorative effect on profound veins that have been damaged for any reason. Even among our Xiao Sect, this is considered a very effective medicine.”

The implication was that… since it was an effective medicine to the Xiao Sect, then to them, it would be considered a first rate magical elixir.

“It also has a very good restorative effect on profound veins that were damaged for any reason”… This sentence caused the expression of the up-to-now taciturn and silent Xiao Lie to suddenly spasm. His eyes leaked a strange light, but then he immediately sighed inwardly as his expression dimmed.

Xiao Yunhai carefully put the wooden box aside, and then said with a face full of gratitude: “Since it is the Xiao Sect’s medicine, then its effects must be beyond my imagination. I don’t know how our Xiao Clan will be able to repay Young Master Xiao’s great favor… Since Young Master Xiao doesn’t need to rest, how about I have a few people take you gentlemen for a tour around our Xiao Clan or Floating Cloud City? Even though this is a small town, we have a few places that may brighten your eyes.”

Seeing that Xiao Kuangyun didn’t shake his head, Xiao Yunhai immediately reached out and dragged Xiao Yulong over: “This is my son, Xiao Yulong. His age is similar to Young Master Xiao. Why not have him take everyone out for a stroll?”

Xiao Yunhai’s intention was very clear. He wanted to, as much as possible, have Xiao Yulong be the first to mingle and get familiar with Xiao Kuangyun. That way, the chances of him being taken back to the Xiao Sect would further increase. If he could making a good impression on Xiao Kuangyun, then it was possible that he may earn Xiao Kuangyun’s protection once in the Xiao Sect, thereby rapidly rising in position…

“This lowly servant is Xiao Yulong, to be able to witness the elegance of the noble guests from the Xiao Sect surely is the fortune of a lifetime.” Xiao Yulong stepped forward, his face humble and modest.

Xiao Kuangyun gave Xiao Yulong a lookover and indifferently said: “Fine, then take us for a stroll. I’ve stayed at the popular places for a long time, it’s not bad to get a look at the remote areas. The rest of you can disperse. I don’t like being followed by too many people. I will find you when I need you.”

“Yes, yes!” Xiao Yunhai replied as he promptly nodded: “If you gentlemen need anything, then please immediately tell anyone here. Yulong, please take good care of these honored guests.”

“Yes father.”

Xiao Yunhai and the five elders left respectfully. The people from the Xiao Sect arrived later than expected so naturally the official business will be delayed to tomorrow.

Xiao Yulong stood to the side of Xiao Kuangyun and bowed, showing a relatively humble attitude. His face revealed a smile: “Young Master Xiao, even though this Floating Cloud City is small, but it has everything you’d expect it to have. I don’t know if Young Master Xiao wants to first experience the beautiful scenery, fine delicacies, or… the beautiful women?

Seeing the vague smile on Xiao Yulong’s face, Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes brightened, his face also revealing a trace of a lewd smile: “As men, what do you say we should first experience?”

How could Xiao Yulong not know what kind of person he was from his sallow face? He immediately gave a heh heh kind of laugh and said: “You can tell Young Master Xiao is a true man from a glance! As a true men, obviously we should first experience the things that a true man enjoys! Even though our Floating Cloud City is a small town, our city’s Heavenly Fragrant House is known far and wide. More than a few people travel hundreds of li because of its reputation. Let us first take a turn there?”

“You, boy, are pretty sensible.” Xiao Kuangyun, his lips curling, looked into Xiao Yulong’s eyes for moment: “Let’s go.”

Xiao Yulong’s footsteps were swift as he walked ahead to lead the way. When they were just about to leave, the silhouette of a beautiful girl appeared in Xiao Kuangyun’s line of sight.

The girl’s figure was wonderfully moving and delicate to the extreme. Looking from afar, her physique was so graceful that it was simply too hard to describe. Under the azure long skirt, one could faintly make out a pair of exquisite and slender legs. Her dress floated in the wake of her slow walk and her jewelry occasionally twinkled on her delicate, womanly figure. The perfect arcs of her waist, breasts, and buttocks were indescribably lovely. She radiated an incomparable, soul shaking charm and had a kind of proud appearance and attitude that transcended this world.

Xiao Kuangyun’s mouth gaped widely and his entire body froze on the spot. His eyes unwaveringly stared at that exquisite silhouette in the distance. Inwardly panicking, he almost believed that he was seeing a river nymph from the legends. As if noticing his stare, the girl angled her face towards him, gave him a cold look, then turned her head and walked into the courtyard. Even her complexion, from the glimpse that Xiao Kuangyun got when she turned her head to glance at him, caused his body to shake, as if all the bones in his body had turned soft and melted.

He still hadn’t returned to his senses even long after Xia Qingyue had left his sight.

Upon Xia Qingyue’s sudden and inopportune appearance, Xiao Yulong’s heart gave off a *thump* sound as he prayed that she wouldn’t be spotted by Xiao Kuangyun. But unfortunately, Xiao Kuangyun saw her and had also shown the same reaction that the majority of men had the first time they saw Xia Qingyue’s true face… No, the reaction was even more exaggerated. Xiao Yulong’s heart began to immediately twitch… In this small Floating Cloud City, how could any woman that Xiao Kuangyun had set his eyes on escape? And once Xiao Kuangyun had set his eyes on her, it also meant that he wouldn’t be able to obtain Xia Qingyue in this lifetime.

However, he immediately clenched his teeth lightly and, standing next to Xiao Kuangyun, waved his hand in front of his face. He quietly whispered: “Young Master Xiao?”

“That girl… who is that girl? Who is she?” Xiao Kuangyun’s expression was in turmoil and even his voice was trembling in excitement: “This world… actually had a woman this beautiful! All of my wives and concubines… all of the women I’ve played around with… added together wouldn’t be a match for her… A fairy… she’s simply a fairy…”

Xiao Kuangyun had been moved to such a state of excitement that he had become incoherent. The light in his eyes was hot almost to the point of combustion. Xiao Yulong changed to well-intentioned attitude and said with a face of smiles: “She’s called Xia Qingyue and is our Floating Cloud City’s most beautiful woman. She truly is a fairy like person.”

“Xia… Qingyue. Xia? Then she isn’t a member of the Xiao Clan?”

“Right!” Xiao Yulong nodded his head as his eyes narrowed. He clearly stated: “She isn’t a member of our Xiao Clan, but is rather the daughter of the richest merchant in our Floating Cloud City. She only married into our Xiao Clan three days ago, marrying the grandson of the Fifth Elder, Xiao Che.”

“What? She’s married?” Xiao Kuangyun’s expression belied his disappointment. In a flash, it then turned into a burning jealousy and an extremely intense desire: “She’s actually married! And married into your Xiao Clan… That’s absolutely ridiculous!! How could the grandson of a puny Xiao Clan elder be worthy of this kind of fairy?!

“Right! Young Master Xiao’s words are too true!” Xiao Yulong promptly agreed: “Only a person with a dragon’s amount of talent like Young Master Xiao can be worthy of this kind of fairy. Young Master Xiao doesn’t know that even though the person she married is the grandson of an elder, he is actually our Xiao Clan’s most useless person… His profound veins have been deformed since his childhood. Even now, he’s still only at the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm. He’s an absolute disgrace to our Xiao Clan.”

“Wh… what?” Xiao Kuangyun’s expression turned ashen and his hands began to tremble: “This beauty is unexpectedly married to that kind of trash! This is absolutely unforgivable… unforgivable!”

“That kind of woman should belong to me, Xiao Kuangyun! How could a piece of trash from the Xiao Clan be worthy of her?!” Xiao Kuangyun growled in a low voice, the flames of his jealousy igniting. He immediately walked towards the courtyard that Xia Qingyue had just entered.

He had walked only two steps when a forceful and dignified voice sounded from behind him: “Young master. The sect master appointing you to come out here is also a kind of learning experience. The sect master specifically warned you that you mustn’t do anything that will lower the reputation of the sect! Especially snatching away someone else’s wife.”

Xiao Kuangyun stopped moving, his entire face full of lust and disagreement. However, he still obediently stopped moving.

Xiao Yulong glanced at that elder called Xiao Moshan in bewilderment… It seems that he came here not only to accompany and protect Xiao Kuangyun, but was also his overseer. Just one sentence was enough to scare Xiao Kuangyun into inaction. Furthermore, from his words, it was evident that this Xiao Kuangyun had already snatched other people’s wives quite a few times before.

Xiao Yulong’s gaze wavered. He quickly walked next to Xiao Kuangyun and said in a low voice: “Young Master Xiao… If you have set your eyes on that Xia Qingyue, you may not have to use force to take her. There are many methods to do this.”

“Methods? What methods?” Xiao Kuangyun turned his head and stared at him with his burning gaze.

Xiao Yulong immediately leaned towards his ear and quickly whispered into it. After he finished talking, Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes immediately lit up. The corner of his mouth also revealed the trace of an impatient, lewd smile.

“This is something that I just learned. I haven’t told anyone else. I didn’t think that it would happen to be able to help Young Master Xiao. It truly can’t get any better.” Seeing Xiao Kuangyun’s lewd smile, Xiao Yulong’s heart was filled with loathing, but his face still obediently held a smile.

“Very good. Extremely good.” Xiao Kuangyun slowly nodded his head.

“It seems like Young Master Xiao has a similar taste in beautiful women. Actually, within our Xiao Clan, there are more beauties than just Xia Qingyue,” Xiao Yulong said in a low voice. “Fifth Elder Xiao Lie has a daughter who just turned fifteen this year, but is already an outstanding beauty. She isn’t worse than Xia Qingyue by much… I don’t know if Young Master Xiao has any interest?”

“Fifteen year old… and is almost as beautiful as that fairy from just then?” Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes fiercely widened, revealing a wolf-like glint.

Upon seeing the look in his eyes, Xiao Yulong knew what he should do next. He once again leaned towards Xiao Kuangyun and said in a low voice, “If Young Master Xiao is interested, then this is even easier. The method is really simple, we just have to…”

Xiao Yulong leaned close to Xiao Kuangyun’s ear and again whispered into it.

“HAHAHA! HAHAHA….” Xiao Kuangyun started to laugh wildly as the obscene look in his eyes intensified: “When I return, I should really thank my father for letting me meet two stunning beauties…. I really didn’t come here to this faraway place in vain.”

His gaze turned towards Xiao Yulong. He then slowly nodded his head: “You’re called… Xiao Yulong right?”

“Yes, yes! This lowly one is Xiao Yulong.” Xiao Yulong showed excitement on his face. For Xiao Kuangyun to remember his name was his greatest honor.

“You are pretty good, not bad at all. If these two things are taken care of successfully, then after we return to the Xiao Sect, you should just stick to my side.” Xiao Kuangyun said with narrowed eyes.

“Ah!” Xiao Yulong’s entire body shook. He was moved to where his eyes were opened widely. After he recovered, he knelt in front of Xiao Kuangyun with a *putong* sound and heavily kowtowed. “Yulong thanks Young Master Xiao for his large kindness! If it’s possible to stay by Young Master Xiao’s side, then Yulong will definitely loyally, with all my heart take care of Young Master Xiao!”

This result caused Xiao Yulong’s heart to wildly throb in pleasant surprise… To be able to enter the Xiao Sect is already a delight equivalent to reaching heaven in one step. Yet to be able to follow the son of the sect master is an entirely different thing. It’s something that Xiao Yulong would’ve never dared to imagine before.





Chapter 24 – Upheaval (3)


Xiao Lie originally had great expectations for the people from the Xiao Sect. The son of the Xiao Sect’s master presumably should be like a celestial dragon god.

However, at first sight, he was instead greatly disappointed. He didn’t see the aura, grace, self-restraint, and appropriate loftiness that the direct disciples of a great sect should have. Rather, he only saw condescending arrogance and a tyrannical look in his eyes that left an uneasy feeling. It was just like that of a pampered and spoiled playboy that had grown up among sycophants. But upon thinking carefully, he was also relieved… After all, the Xiao Sect couldn’t possibly care about this small Xiao Clan. How could they send some “great person” over? The status of “the son of the sect master” was also merely to express a superficial respect to the dead Xiao Zheng.

“Daddy, I just heard them say that you and the clan master headed off to welcome the Xiao Sect’s people. How come you’re back so soon?” Xiao Lingxi had just happened to stop by to deliver food to Xiao Lie. With a face full of curiosity, she asked: “Have the people from the Xiao Sect already arrived? What kind of people are they? Do they have a really frightening aura?”

Xiao Lingxi’s questions reminded him of the elder standing behind Xiao Kuangyun. He nodded: “Of course, the people from the Xiao Sect are unfathomable. However, Xi Er, you should avoid the Xiao Sect’s people as much as possible in the few days that they’re here. The young man leading them isn’t some kind of benevolent person. If you can avoid them, then you should do so.”

“Ah?” Xiao Lingxi blinked her eyes in disbelief and then nodded lightly: “I know daddy. In fact, I was already a little bit afraid of them. After all, they are from the Xiao Sect. They must be super super powerful.”

“Even if you’re curious, you should try to stay away from them.” Xiao Lie once again warned. He lightly breathed in and, with a heavy load on his mind, walked into the courtyard.

“Daddy? Why do you look like you have something on your mind? Did something especially big happen?” Xiao Lingxi asked nervously. As a daughter who knew her father well, with just a glance, Xiao Lingxi could see through Xiao Lie’s facial expression.

Xiao Lie froze for a second, and then shook his head: “It’s nothing…” He paused for a moment as he realized that if he didn’t say it out loud, then this clever daughter of his may not feel at ease for the rest of the day. He could only slowly respond: “The Xiao Sect brought a gift called the “Profound Opening Powder”. From what that Xiao Kuangyun said, this Profound Opening Powder has a great restorative effect on damaged profound veins. So…”

“Ah! It can fix damaged profound veins? Is that true?” Xiao Lie hadn’t even finished talking, but Xiao Lingxi was already crying out in excitement. All of the sudden, her small hands tightly clenched the edges of her clothing. Fixing Xiao Che’s profound veins had always been her greatest wish. These past few years, she had nonstop diligently searched for every possible method with Xiao Lie. Xiao Lie’s words were no different to her than the celestial sound of heaven granting her wish.

“The effects of the Xiao Sect’s medicine can’t be compared to that of ordinary medicine. It may really be able to provide surprising results.” Saying this, Xiao Lie’s expression slowly dimmed: “However, the Profound Opening Powder’s most important use is to accelerate the speed of cultivation for a certain amount of time. Right now, the clan master and the rest of them all consider this ‘Profound Opening Powder’ as a treasure. To convince them to use the ‘Profound Opening Powder’ on the body of Che Er, who’s considered a good for nothing in their eyes… It truly was a slim hope.

Xiao Lingxi’s expression became sluggish. Xiao Lie’s words were like a pail of cold water that extinguished all of her excitement. She bit her lips and resolutely said, “No matter how, we must obtain the Profound Opening Powder. Little Che definitely isn’t a good for nothing! He’s the one that needs the Profound Opening Powder the most!”

“I’ll try with all my power to fight for it.” Seeing her daughter’s expression, Xiao Lie let out a long sigh. However, in his heart, he was perfectly clear how little hope there was of getting the Profound Opening Powder… In other words, it was absolutely impossible.

…………………………

Nightfall.

“I saw the Xiao Sect’s Xiao Kuangyun today.”

Candle light faintly swayed inside the room. Xia Qingyue sat at the side of the bed and lightly said.

“Oh… what kind of person is he?” Xiao Che yawned before casually asking with an indifferent look.

“He is like his name.” Xia Qingyue’s eyebrows drooped as she remembered the look in Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes as he looked at her. A look of disgust passed through her eyes. Her master had told her that of the Xiao Sect master’s four sons, the other three all could be considered as having dragon-like talent. Only the fourth son was an one hundred percent idiot. However, he nevertheless was doted on the most by the sect master, possibly because he was the youngest and was the legal wife’s only son.

(TL: Kuangyun translates to “wild/violent cloud”)

“That’s pretty normal. If you think about it, it’s pretty obvious what kind of people the Xiao Sect would send to this place. But either way, it still has nothing to do with me. At the most, I just have to go tomorrow as a formality.” Xiao Che shrugged as he spoke. His eyebrows suddenly twitched, and his expression sharpened slightly. He raised his head and asked: “Qingyue my wife, you said you saw him? Then did he also see you?”

“That’s right… why?” Xia Qingyue raised her eyebrows.

Xiao Che raised his hand to rub his chin, then suddenly said: “You said before that he was a piece of trash with an exceedingly bad reputation. This kind of trash… *sigh*, Qingyue my wife, if I haven’t guessed wrong, your master should be near Floating Cloud City, right?”

“… How did you know?” A trace of astonishment flashed across Xia Qingyue’s face.

Xiao Che didn’t explain. He said with a serious expression: “Since it’s like that, think of a way to communicate with your master. It’d be best to have her come to this place tomorrow…” After thinking for a moment, his expression once again relaxed: “Since your master is nearby, then I guess there won’t be any big problems. Let’s sleep.”

Xia Qingyue’s delicate brows raised slightly, and she then quietly pondered for a moment. She once again thought back to the expression in Xiao Kaungyun’s eyes as he looked at her this afternoon and finally understood the meaning behind Xiao Che’s words. Her expression suddenly spasmed, and she unconsciously reached out to pinch the icicle shaped sound transmitting device at her waist.

Seeing Xiao Che preparing to spread the blanket at the corner, her gaze faintly swayed. Her lips continuously moved quite a few times before she finally let out a voice: “Come sleep on the bed.”

“Ah?” Xiao Che turned his body towards her and said with wide eyes: “Qingyue my wife, what did you say?”

Xia Qingyue immediately turned her face away to hide her current expression. She coldly replied: “If you didn’t hear it, then forget it!”

“I heard it! How could I not have heard it?!” Xiao Che immediately nodded like a chick pecking rice. He threw the blanket in his hand away and quickly threw himself onto the bed, then looked at Xia Qingyue with a happy smile: “Qingyue my wife, will you sleep on the inside or outside tonight?”

“…..” Xia Qingyue didn’t reply. With a wave of her snowy hand, she extinguished all of the red candle in the space of a second. The room was immediately pitch black, and her heart also secretly let out a sigh. She reached out and pushed Xiao Che to the inside, pulled the blanket over, and covered both of their bodies with it. Laying down sideways with her back to Xiao Che, she said in a quiet and cold voice: “You don’t need to think about it too much. I’m only doing this to make it more convenient for you to treat my body at three in the morning… You’re not allowed to do forbidden things! Otherwise I won’t ever let you sleep on the bed again!”

“As you wish, my beloved lady wife!” Xiao Che elatedly spoke as he gave the blankets a tug and sniffed the remainder of the young lady’s fragrance that was still held in it.

Now, she was being called “wife” by Xiao Che several dozen times a day. From the initial sulking up to now, not only did hearing it feel incomparably natural, but also at the same time gave her a kind of indescribable feeling of “I am his wife”. This subtle change caused her to be flustered and more so left her at a loss. She closed her eyes and strove to avoid thinking about these things that set her heart into disorder. Not long after, she peacefully fell asleep.

It had unwittingly become three in the morning. This was the darkest time before dawn, and the entire Xiao Clan was peaceful. The only sounds that could be heard were the occasional buzzing of insects.

In the darkness, from Xiao Lingxi’s courtyard came a light *creak* sound and, following that sound, the securely closed house door slowly opened. A petite shadow slowly snuck out and, after peering at the surroundings for a while, quickly ran fled outside.

The shadow hadn’t been able to step outside the courtyard gate when a tall, gray figure suddenly dropped from the sky, landing in front of her. The sound of a girl’s cry of alarm rose up, then soon after came a solemn voice, lowered with great effort: “Xi Er, where are you going this late at night?”

“Ah! Da… daddy!” The greatly frightened shadow pulled down the shroud covering her face, revealing a lovely and touching girl’s face. It really was Xiao Lingxi. Looking at the Xiao Lie that had suddenly appeared in front of her, her soul shook momentarily. “I… I… I…”

“Ah!” Xiao Lie let out a long sigh, then said in a low voice: “Xi Er, you want to go steal the Profound Opening Powder, right?”

“I… I…” Xiao Lingxi lowered her head as she faltered.

“You are my daughter. How could I not know what you’re thinking in your heart?” Xiao Lie once again let out a long sigh and then patted his daughter on her shoulder. “After you left me this afternoon, I thought you had a strange look in your eyes. I felt uneasy, so I came here to stand guard… Sure enough, you had the thought to go steal the Profound Opening Powder… Xi Er, you really are too willful. Do you know how dangerous this is? That Profound Opening Powder isn’t something ordinary. It is a gift from the Xiao Sect. If your tracks were discovered, then it would be in the Xiao Sect’s jurisdiction. At that time, if the those four from the Xiao Sect decide you’re guilty, not to mention me, there’s no one in this Floating Cloud City that could save you.”

Xiao Lingxi lowered her head and bit her lips. “I… I know all of that. But… but… Little Che is too pitiful. He’s clearly a good person, yet is always laughed at by people, looked down by people, and treated as trash by everyone. If he could fix his profound veins, then he won’t be ridiculed anymore. He wouldn’t fall short of anyone…”

Xiao Lie opened and closed his mouth, a look of remorse flashing across his face.

“I always wondered, why Xiao Che was the one with the deformed profound veins, and not me… This world is really too unfair to him… Daddy, did you know? Whenever I see Little Che being laughed at, and that he still tries to adopt a uncaring look and instead come comfort me, my heart is filled with so much unease… If I could fix his profound veins, even if I have to become a thief… even if I receive the penalty of death, I would still be willing to do it a hundred times…

As she talked, Xiao Lingxi’s eyes were already filled with tears. She covered her face with her hands and finally couldn’t help but start sobbing.

A violent spasm passed across Xiao Lie’s face. As he looked at his sobbing daughter, his heart was also grieving. He quietly consoled: “Xi Er, I know you are wholeheartedly doing this for Che Er. But, you doing this, leaving aside the consequences, Xiao Yunhai didn’t give that box of Profound Opening Powder to anyone after receiving it. He should be carrying it on his body. With your strength, how could you steal anything from Xiao Yunhai? Listen to me, go back and sleep. Concerning the Profound Opening Powder, I will spare no effort to think of something. Even though I haven’t argued about anything these few years, among the this Xiao Clan, I, on the whole, still have a voice. Obtaining the Profound Opening Powder isn’t necessarily a completely hopeless cause. You aren’t allowed to do this kind of silly thing in the future. If something really happened to you… who will take care of and protect Che Er afterwards?”

Xiao Lie’s last sentence gently struck Xiao Lingxi’s soft heart, leaving her heart with a sudden, lingering fear… That’s right! If I didn’t succeed, was caught, and received a large punishment, what would happen to little Che…

“I… I understand.” Xiao Lingxi removed her black clothing and dropped them to the side. She wiped the tears from her face and said in with a guilty face: “Daddy, I’m sorry. I did a stupid thing and had you worry again. I’ll obediently go sleep now and won’t do something like this again… Daddy, you should quickly go back and rest… I promise I won’t go steal the Profound Opening Powder.”

“*Chuckle*, it’s good as long as you listen.” Xiao Lie nodded his head and smiled warmly. But before leaving, he still worriedly picked up black clothing on the ground and took it with him.





Chapter 25 – Upheaval (4)


Today could be said to be the Xiao Clan’s busiest day.

Early in the morning, the Xiao Clan entrance was already densely crowded. All of the influential families of Floating Cloud City could be seen here, and furthermore, they were represented by their heads. Although there were many present, none dared to be loud. They all whispered to one another in the smallest voices possible for fear that they would disturb the important guests amongst the Xiao Clan.

“I heard a long time ago that the Xiao Clan’s founder came from the Xiao Sect. It looks to be unexpectedly true.”

“The Xiao Clan will be soaring to new heights. We have to maintain a good relationship with them from now on.”

“Good thing I’ve never offended the Xiao Clan, otherwise I wouldn’t be able to eat or sleep in peace.”

“Old Mu, why did you come too?”

“Oh, every one was rushing to be the first here, so I couldn’t not come. They’re here to establish a relationship, but I’m here just in case. What if that brat from the Xiao Sect checked how many influential families were in Floating Cloud City and then saw that no one from my Mu family came here? If they find some fault with that, then my entire family would have to bear the consequences.”

Xiao Clan’s entrance remained closed, and everyone outside all waited with great care. Not one of them dared to leave.

They waited until nine in the morning.

Before dawn, a platform had been set up in the empty ground in the middle of Xiao Clan, with chairs, tables, and all kinds of equipment set up around it. At eight in the morning, Xiao Clan sounded an urgent order for all of its inhabitants to assemble. At once, the Xiao Clan’s inhabitants gathered together as they immediately rushed to the rendezvous spot. In less than a quarter of an hour, everyone in the Xiao Clan, be they young or old, were in their designated positions with not one missing.

Today would be the Xiao Clan’s most significant day. They all clearly knew what was going to happen today, and the vast majority had looks of excitement and anticipation. There were even some with mediocre talent who still wished in their hearts for the chance to be chosen by those from the Xiao Sect.

Xiao Che was basically the last to arrive. When he walked in leading Xia Qingyue by the hand at a pace that was neither fast nor slow, he instantly became the focus of everyone present… Of course, if was just him alone, chances were that no one would even want to look at him twice. What was important was the Xia Qingyue at his side!

She had an exquisitely graceful posture and a complexion that was alluring enough to conquer not only a city, but the world as well. The people there acted as if they were seeing an incomparably beautiful river fairy slowly walking towards them. This was especially true for the young men, who stood there with glazed eyes and wildly beating hearts. Some even had drool unconsciously streaming down the corners of their mouths..

In contrast, Xiao Che at her side… His face was pale, his eyelids drooped, his eyes seemed soulless, and his footsteps lacked strength. He had not even walked a dozen steps and had already yawned three times with the appearance of someone who had had excessive sexual intercourse and now yearned for sleep.

Huh? Excessive sexual intercourse….

As they thought of this and also saw the two of them hand in hand, quite a few people clenched their teeth as they trembled all over. Their eyes radiated a deep disastifaction and a flaming jealousy. Upon thinking about this heavenly beauty, a goddess who they yearned for in their dreams being pressed down every day by the piece of waste that they looked down on the most, their stomachs almost split open with anger and jealousy.

Xiao Che’s half asleep and extremely fatigued appearance was not an act, but it obviously couldn’t be because of any excessive intercourse. It would be strange if he had energy when he woke up at three in the morning for her regular acupuncture treatment, worked himself half to death, and then was again woken this early in the morning. As for their clasped hands, it definitely couldn’t have been Xia Qingyue’s doing. Rather, when they were walking over, Xiao Che suddenly grabbed her under the watchful eyes of the crowd. Since Xia Qingyue couldn’t impolitely free herself, in addition to the fact that she had gotten used to him holding her by the hand these past few days, she could only let it be.

“Everything within the Xiao Clan is excellent, except the fact that we have an unnecessary and unsightly piece of trash!”

As Xiao Che walked past a youth, a mocking voice that was loud enough for him to hear came from his side. Xiao Che raised his eyebrows slightly and saw Third Elder Xiao Ze’s grandson, Xiao Chengzhi, intently squinting ahead. An undisguisable sneer hung from the corners of his mouth, and on his face was a look of envy that he vigorously tried to hide.

He said those words to the person in front of him, but even an idiot knew that he was mocking Xiao Che. At once, the sound of laughter rose from the surroundings. Each and every young disciple looked at Xiao Che with a ridiculing expression in their eyes.

“Brother Chengzhi, were you talking to me just now?” Xiao Che’s footsteps paused as he asked Xiao Chengzhi with a harmless smile on his face.

“Oh, Brother Xiao Che, you misunderstood. I was clearly talking to a piece of trash just now. For Brother Xiao Che to ask this, does that mean you consider yourself to be a piece of trash?” Xiao Chengzhi turned around and said with a smile. As his gaze touched Xia Qingyue’s beautiful snowy face, a difficult to disguise look of zeal flashed through his eyes.

“Oh! So that’s how it was!” Xiao Che nodded with sudden understanding. He then pulled Xia Qingyue’s hand along with him: “Looks like he wasn’t talking about me. Qingyue my wife, let’s hurry up and return to our position…. Tut tut, as I look at a pathetic toad dreaming about eating swan meat, I’d rather be a piece of trash that sleeps holding the swan every night. Qingyue my wife, what do you think?”

“What… did you say!!” Xiao Chengzhi suddenly turned around, a dark expression on his face.

“Huh?” Xiao Che paused and looked at him in surprise: “Brother Chengzhi, what’s wrong? I was just talking about a toad so why do you have such a strange reaction? Don’t tell me that Chengzi has some special relationship with the toad I was talking about?”

“You ! !” Xiao Chengzhi’s trembling lips revealed his immense fury, yet he couldn’t think of anything else to say.

“Qingyue my wife, we had better go quickly. A toad will bite when it gets anxious. If we were bitten by this thing, wouldn’t we be disgusted to death?” As Xiao Che talked, he pulled Xia Qingyue far away.

Xiao Chengzhi’s face muscles spasmed as he almost puked out blood.

“Che Er, Qingyue, come over here.”

In the midst of the crowd, Xiao Che quickly saw Xiao Lie beckoning to him with Xiao Lingxi by his side. He and Xia Qingyue swiftly walked over.

After Xia Qingyue underwent Xiao Che’s acupuncture treatment, not to mention her physique, even her face showed a great change. Ignoring her physique, her complexion had become more delicate, rosy and luminous. However, this change of complexion held a different meaning under Xiao Lie’s eyes. Seeing Xiao Che clearly exude an spiritless attitude, Xiao Lie lowered his voice and said with a chuckle: “Che Er, you’re still too young. You’re only half grown, and your body is still developing. Concerning these matters between men and women, you should control yourself as much as possible or else it may harm your body.”

“Ah?” Xiao Che stared at him. After recovering, he could only nod his head in embarrassment: “This… I understand. In the future, I’ll definitely control… control…. AH!”

He uttered a sound of pain. The small hand held in his suddenly pricked him mercilessly with its nail. Xia Qingyue turned her face away, but one could faintly see a patch of pink slowly spread across her cheeks.

Eh eh ehhh? She actually blushed…

Xiao Che was about to quietly explain himself when he once again grimaced in pain… It was Xiao Lingxi’s small hand that had fiercely pinched his left arm.

“Little aunt, why did you pinch me?” Xiao Che said as he looked at Xiao Lingxi, a wronged expression on his face.

“Hmph!” Xiao Lingxi pouted and also faced the other way, ignoring him in a fit of anger.

“Young Master Xiao has arrived ! !”

At this time, a loud and clear shout erupted from the front of the crowd. The crowd immediately quieted as everyone’s eyes turned towards the source of the sound, wanting to catch a glimpse of the elegance of the Xiao Sect’s members. Not long after, a luxuriously dressed young man with a proud demeanor walked over through the crowd. Xiao Moshan was not more than half a step behind him, and Xiao Yunhai was in front personally leading the way. Both his expression and posture were differential, with not even a hint of disrespect.

Under Xiao Yunhai’s guidance, Xiao Kuangyun walked up the erected platform and sat on the seat of honor in the middle. He swept his gaze over the Xiao Clan members beneath him with a haughty look, like an emperor overlooking his subjects. A moment later, he nodded to Xiao Yunhai to indicate that they may begin.

“Is this the big shot from Xiao Sect? If we don’t talk about anything else, his appearance is still a bit too unsightly. Aren’t the genes of the great Xiao Sect suppose to be formidable… Eh? He shouldn’t be adopted, right?” Xiao Che muttered quietly.

“One hundred of him can’t compare with little Che!” Xiao Lingxi echoed in reply. As soon as she said that, she remembered that she was suppose to be mad at him. She once again quickly let out a *hmph* sound, and turned her face to ignore him.

“Che Er, Xi Er, don’t spout nonsense.” Xiao Lie said in a low voice.

“Oh.” Xiao Che answered, as he stopped talking.

“Is everyone from Xiao Clan here?” Xiao Kuangyun slowly said with half open eyes and a bored tone of voice. However, both his eyes were rapidly spinning about searching the crowd for the figure of the fairy he saw yesterday as well as the girl whom Xiao Yulong claimed to on par with that fairy.

“It has already been confirmed. Everyone is present, there won’t even be one missing.” Xiao Yunhai said with a serious look in his face.

“Very good!” Xiao Kuangyun nodded. His gaze then slanted towards the main entrance: “Who are those people standing outside the door?”

“Reporting to Young Master Xiao, they are all powerful families within Floating Cloud City. They’ve been gathered here since early this morning, hoping catch a glance of Young Master Xiao’s elegance.” Xiao Yunhai replied as he half rose out of his chair.

“Ah, it’s like that.” Xiao Kuangyun nodded and then said with a wave of his hand: “Since they are guests, we can’t let them wait outside like that. Let them come in. Having the people outside of Xiao Clan witness today’s matter is also a good thing, otherwise others may later say that I was being biased.”

Xiao Yunhai promptly sucked up to him: “Young Master Xiao is truly worthy of being the son of the sect master of the Xiao Sect. You’re this young and are already this open-minded. It’s enough to make me blush with shame… Xiao De, quickly, invite our guests in.”

The main entrance opened and all the powerful inhabitants of Floating Cloud City orderly walked in, each and every one with a reserved demeanor. All of them brought a heavy gift. Amongst the crowd, Xiao Che also saw Xia Qingyue’s father, Xia Hongyi.

“Very good, now we can start.” Xiao Kuangyun straightened in his chair and finally assumed what could be considered a normal sitting posture as he looked down and lightly spoke: “My name is Xiao Kuangyun and I am from the Xiao Sect. Regarding the great name of the Xiao Sect, you all should be very clear. In the Blue Wind Empire, there’s nothing that my Xiao Sect can’t resolve. All of you ought to feel honored and proud because even though you are a bit weak, you can still be said to be related to the Xiao Sect. The founder of the Xiao Clan was the son of one of our Xiao Sect’s Elders. However, although your founder was the son of an elder, he was actually born from a female servant. His status was so low it wasn’t worth mentioning, and his profound strength was really too lacking. As a piece of trash, he wasn’t fit to remain in the Xiao Sect. Your founder was thus banished by that Elder to this place, and that’s how your Xiao Clan came into existence.”

Xiao Kuangyun’s extremely harsh words did not hide his disdain for both the entire Xiao Clan and their founder. A few Xiao Clan members scowled upon hearing this, but no one dared to make a fuss.





Chapter 26 – Upheaval (5)


Xiao Kuangyun was really wild, but within the Xiao Clan, he truly had the right to be wild. Not to mention his ear-piercing speech, even if he had called the entire Xiao Clan dogs, everyone in the Xiao Clan would have to obediently listen. There definitely wouldn’t be anyone who would dare to retort. It may even be possible that some would wag their tails accordingly.

“Before Elder Xiao Zheng died, he remembered his affection for his son, and left behind a dying wish. He hoped we would find the one with the best aptitude amongst the younger generation here to bring back to the Xiao Sect.”

Xiao Kuangyun picked up the roster that Xiao Yunhai had prepared overnight, looked all around him, and then arrogantly said: “Today, I will personally check that. In a while, anyone whose name I call will come in front of me and show your profound strength. However, aptitude isn’t decided by the level of your profound strength, but by your foundation and potential!”

“Before I came here, my honorable father had me bring a batch of Profound Opening Powder. The person selected not only will be brought back to the Xiao Sect, but will also receive this Profound Opening Powder as a reward! Good medicine can only be enjoyed by those with enough aptitude. It would only be wasted if used on the body of trash!” Saying this, Xiao Kuangyun’s gaze slanted towards Xiao Yunhai. “Clan master, bring out the Profound Opening Powder. Even though this is a gift to the Xiao Clan, you shouldn’t have any complaints about giving this to the one with the best aptitude as a reward, right?”

No matter how ridiculous Xiao Kuangyun’s words were, Xiao Yunhai still wouldn’t dare to have any reservations. However, upon hearing his words, Xiao Yunhai’s expression all of a sudden became pale, and a cold sweat broke out on his forehead. He didn’t move to retrieve the Profound Opening Powder, but rather stood there in a fluster.

“What’s the matter?” Xiao Kuangyun’s expression darkened: “Clan Master Xiao, you wouldn’t be unwilling to part with the Profound Opening Powder, right?”

“No, no, of course not.” Xiao Yunhai promptly shook his head with a terrified expression: “It’s only… only…”

“Only what?”

With a *putong* sound, Xiao Yunhai immediately knelt on on one knee with both hands trembling. He said with a face full of terror: “I… I deserve to die… The Profound Opening Powder that Young Master Xiao gifted us yesterday, I left it in our Xiao Clan’s infirmary and made it clear to the person there that they must guard it well. But… but this morning, the person from the infirmary suddenly ran over to tell me that the Profound Opening Powder in the infirmary had unexpectedly… unexpectedly disappeared!”

Hua——The crowd below immediately broke into chaos.

To steal the treasure brought by the Xiao Sect… who could have the nerve?!

“Huh?” Xiao Che frowned slightly as a burst of suspicion appeared in his heart… Based on his ten some years’ understanding of Xiao Yunhai, he would consider him a cautious person. Knowing his character, for him to put the treasure that the Xiao Sect brought in the infirmary after receiving it from them instead of keeping it on himself was a bit unreasonable… Knowing that the infirmary only had Xiao Gu, who had wholly devoted himself to medicine and had practically no profound strength, the infirmary could be considered the most weakly defended area within the Xiao Clan.

Not only that, the Profound Opening Powder was brought by the Xiao Sect. Even if someone craved it, at the very least they should have waited until the people from the Xiao Sect left to act. Why would they unexpectedly pick such a dangerous time… Even if they stole it, would they even have a life to use it afterwards?

Xiao Lie’s entire body shook. He immediately glanced towards Xiao Lingxi, only to find that Xiao Lingxi also had a face full of astonishment. Noticing Xiao Lie’s pointed look, Xiao Lingxi promptly shook her head forcefully to indicate that she had nothing to do with this. Xiao Lie withdrew his gaze and inwardly took a deep sigh of relief.

“Wh… what!!”

Xiao Kuangyun violently stood up from his seat as his expression turned incomparably dark, his body radiating a baleful aura. He looked at Xiao Yunhai and said fiercely: “You’re saying that… there’s actually someone who would steal the Profound Opening Powder?”

“Your humble servant couldn’t protect it. I request Young Master Xiao administer punishment.” Xiao Yunhai lowered his head, a look of shame and fear across his entire face.

“This is ridiculous!” Xiao Kuangyun violently took a breath as his chest heaved. His complexion became more and more dark; he had evidently been extremely angered: “Someone actually dared to steal our gift to the Xiao Clan. Good! Very good! I’ve really underestimated this Floating Cloud City! You all are actually… quite bold!”

Xiao Kuangyun’s anger and killing intent had extended to almost the entire Xiao Clan. This caused everyone’s spines to shiver and their hearts to convulse. They didn’t even dare to breathe loudly and, unable to cope with their panic, hung their heads low for fear that Xiao Kuangyun would look at them.

Xiao Che half closed his eyes, his gaze directly on Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes. A short while later, he poked Xiao Lie and asked in a small voice: “Grandfather, the clan master didn’t offend this Xiao Kuangyun yesterday, right?”

Xiao Lie was startled, then shook his head: “Xiao Yunhai was always prudent. He shouldn’t have gone that far.”

“Then that’s strange.” Xiao Che rubbed his chin and then said quietly: “This Xiao Kuangyun’s anger is clearly fake. If the clan master had offended him, and he had planned to steal it himself and then blame the clan master, then that would make sense. If that’s not the case… don’t tell me this Xiao Kuangyun is acting out a monkey’s show by himself?”

“… Watch your mouth.” Xiao Lie didn’t understand the meaning of his words and so quietly warned him.

Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes became sinister and his expression darkened to the color of a storm cloud: “Yesterday, when I took out the Profound Opening Powder, there were only members of the Xiao Clan around. I don’t think that you Xiao Clan people would be stupid enough to let the fact that you’ve obtained a high grade medicine spread to the ears of outsiders. In addition, your Xiao Clan’s defensive abilities can’t be considered weak in Floating Cloud City. If someone wanted to break it, it wouldn’t be easy… Then, the thief should be from your Xiao Clan!”

Xiao Kuangyun’s words caused the expression of all of the Xiao Clan members to change. The sound of whispers grew even louder. Xiao Yunhai also quickly nodded: “Right! Young Master Xiao sees clearly. After I knew the Profound Opening Powder had been stolen, I also thought that it was stolen by someone from our Xiao Clan. The infirmary’s Xiao Gu is almost sixty years old and is unconcerned with worldly affairs. He simply wouldn’t have any kind of desire for the Profound Opening Powder, so it shouldn’t be him that stole it. Everyone else should probably be viewed with suspicion.”

“Hmph! The insignificant Xiao Clan simply isn’t worth mentioning in the eyes of our Xiao Sect! Any lowly person from our Xiao Sect could single handedly wipe out your entire clan! This time, we graced you with our presence and trekked thousands of li to your Xiao Clan. That gave you an immense amount prestige and was a great show of kindness… yet you instead gave me such a large surprise! This is practically a slap to the face of our Xiao Sect!”

A slap to the face of the Xiao Sect… this incomparably strange and large accusation caused Xiao Yunhai’s face to immediately turn ashen.

Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes were like that of a viper, sweeping from one face to another. Everyone touched by his gaze lowered their head as if trying to avoid being struck by lightning. No one dared to look him in the face… However, this absolutely didn’t mean that Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes had were incredibly penetrating, or that his aura was that fierce. It was only because he was backed by the enormous Xiao Sect.

Xiao Che’s gaze turned to Xiao Yunhai’s face and his expression became even more downcast. He said in low voice that only he could hear: “This Xiao Yunhai’s demeanor is also unexpectedly fake… What exactly do they want to do?”

In Xiao Che’s two lifetimes worth of memories, particularly those from the life on Azure Cloud Continent, he had experienced countless designs of good and evil and skirted past the boundary between life and death multiple times. The amount of people he had encountered was even more innumerable, from the most ordinary of people to the overlords of the world. Not even a profound practitioner that was hundreds of years old would necessarily be able to compare to the viciousness seen by his eyes.

Xiao Kuangyun once again swept his gaze around. His tone suddenly became mild: “Forget it, even though it’s truly regrettable, I can’t be bothered to get upset with you people from this small place. The person who stole the Profound Opening Powder, I’ll give you fifteen seconds to obediently come out and hand over the Profound Opening Powder. I may show you mercy for the first offense! If you continue to be obstinate, then don’t blame for me for being impolite.”

“Xiao Ba, start counting!”

After Xiao Kuangyun finished speaking, he let out a cold snort and sat back down on his seat. The black dressed young man on his left stepped forward and started the countdown in a low voice.

Xiao Yunhai immediately turned around and said in a loud voice: “The vermin that stole the Profound Opening Powder, did you hear that?! Young Master Xiao is magnanimously tolerant to give you a way out. Quickly mend your ways and come apologize! If not, not to mention Young Master Xiao, the entire Xiao Clan will never forgive you!!”

“… Twelve… eleven… ten… nine…” The black clothed man called Xiao Ba continued to count down.

Everyone in the Xiao Clan turned to look at their neighbors, one after another guessing at who was reckless enough to dare steal something the Xiao Sect had brought. Although Xiao Kuangyun’s mouth had uttered “mercy”, from his expression, no one believed that they would earn his “mercy” after voluntarily admitting guilt.

“… Four… three… two… one… time’s up!”

Xiao Ba’s voice dropped off, and he then stepped back. Xiao Kuangyun once again stood up, his gaze dark and cruel as he sneered: “I already gave you a chance. Since you don’t know a good thing when you see it, don’t blame me for being ruthless after I catch you! Xiao Jiu!”

“Yes!”

In the wake of Xiao Kuangyun’s shout, another black clothed young man stepped forward and then immediately raised his palm. A whirlpool of profound strength began to condense in his palm.

“Xiao Clan Master, the Profound Opening Powder was stolen with the black box, right?”

“Yes, they were stolen together.” Xiao Yunhai nodded. His face revealed a suspicious look, as if he didn’t understand why he was asking this question.

“Very good… On the black box containing the Profound Opening Powder is a mark of our Xiao Sect’s unique profound strength——The eagle mark! As long as we use our Xiao Sect’s unique profound strength, we can very quickly determine the whereabouts of every eagle mark in the vicinity.”

As soon as Xiao Kungyun finished speaking, Xiao Jiu’s hand suddenly lowered as a growl of “it’s there” escaped from his lips. His body then turned into a gale as he rushed towards his right like lightning. His speed was exceedingly fast; in a blink of an eye he had disappeared from everyone’s sight.

“*Chuckle*, it seems we’ve already found it.” Xiao Kuangyun sneered, a deep sense of self-satisfaction flashing through the depth of his eyes… as if he was very pleased with his own performance.

“Wonderful. As expected of the Xiao Sect, not one drop of water can leak out.” Xiao Yunhai’s face also revealed a happy expression, which then darkened once again. He solemnly said: “Young Master Xiao, the nature of this matter is too vile. Not only did it provoke Young Master Xiao’s wrath, but also caused our Xiao Clan to lose quite a bit of face. So no matter who the thief is, even if it’s my son, Young Master Xiao need not have any apprehension. You must severely punish them!!”

“Hmph! Of course. No one who has offended my Xiao Sect has met a good end!”

At this time, a gust of strong wind blew over. Xiao Jiu had already hurried back, his hands holding a wooden box. The eagle mark on the wooden box was still faintly radiating light. This wooden box really was the box holding the Profound Opening Powder that Xiao Kuangyun had given Xiao Yunhai yesterday.

“Young master, I found it.” Xiao Jiu delivered the wooden box into Xiao Kuangyun’s grasp and then stepped back without a sound.

All the whispers stopped. The surroundings became so quiet that even the drop of a needle could be heard. The atmosphere turned completely cold. Everyone widened their eyes and held their breath, waiting to see who was the one that had enough courage to dare steal the Profound Opening Powder… They could all guess how tragic the fate of that person would be.

“Xiao Jiu, where did you find this box?” Xiao Kuangyun asked with a sneer.

“The 66th courtyard, under the owner’s pillow.” Xiao Jiu clearly replied with an expressionless face.

The 66th courtyard…

Everyone’s gaze all at once converged in one direction, unbelievingly staring at the girl who looked as if she had been petrified.

Upon hearing the words “the 66th courtyard”, Xiao Lingxi was stunned on the spot. Seeing pair after pair of eyes turn towards her, she stepped back and hysterically shook her head, crying out involuntarily: “It’s not me… it’s not me!”





Chapter 27 – Upheaval (6)


The 66th courtyard was the courtyard that Xiao Lingxi lived in. Everyone in the Xiao Clan was well acquainted with it due to how easy it was to remember. Upon hearing Xiao Jiu say “66th courtyard”, the first thing they thought of was the courtyard’s owner.

The crowd separated and isolated Xiao Lingxi’s location, giving her no place to hide from everyone’s eyes. Xiao Lie’s expression changed greatly while Xiao Che’s brows furrowed. His expression all of the sudden became incomparably overcast as he stepped forward and stood in front of Xiao Lingxi. A wave of anger expanded with a rumble in his chest, threatening to explode.

Only when Xiao Jiu called out the words “66th courtyard”, did Xiao Che completely understand what the discordant feeling he had been experiencing up until then meant!

Before, there were too many people in the way, and they were also standing relatively close together. As a result, Xiao Kuangyun couldn’t clearly pinpoint where Xiao Lingxi was. However, now, he could naturally get a good look. At once, his eyes lit up and emitted a glow similar to that of an vicious wolf. This girl wasn’t as good looking as Xia Qingyue, but was still a genuine young lady in every way. She had natural-born bright eyes and white teeth, a compelling elegance, and a gentle, beautiful, and charming face. Especially her eyes, which, though currently full of panic and fear, were still like pools of sparkling spring water, clear, transparent, and thoroughly moving.

Xiao Kuangyun forcefully swallowed a mouthful of saliva as his heart flipped and shook… that Xiao Yulong didn’t lie to me after all! Even though this Xiao Lingxi is slightly worse than Xia Qingyue as far as looks go, she’s only slightly worse. However, her flavor will definitely be just as good. Also, when she matures, she won’t necessarily be worse than Xia Qingyue… After coming to this kind of backwater place, I unexpectedly met what could be considered two world class beauties. This is simply heaven’s reward for my long and difficult journey!

Xiao Kuangyun began to feel that his initial refusal to come to this Xiao Clan was simply an extremely stupid decision… Fortunately, he was unable to defy his father’s order in the end and obediently came here.

“Xiao Lingxi… how could it be you?!”

Upon seeing Xiao Lingxi, Xiao Yunhai’s expression was first that of surprise, then shock, then finally disbelief.

“It wasn’t me! Clan Master… it really wasn’t me!” Xiao Lingxi forcefully shook her head, a terrified look on her entire face. She really did have the thought to steal the Profound Opening Powder last night, but after being caught by Xiao Lie, she obediently went back to her room and slept… She knew absolutely nothing about the theft of the Profound Opening Powder.

“Oh my, I didn’t expect that the reckless thief would be a little girl.” Xiao Kuangyun said in a mystifying fashion: “But I did just say that no matter who it was, I wouldn’t let them off lightly!”

“Ah! Xiao Lingxi, how could you… act so willfully and do this kind of reckless thing?! This box of Profound Opening Powder is the treasure that the Xiao Sect travelled thousands of li to gift us! With this, what could I… possibly do?” Xiao Yunhai sighed heavily with an appearance of extreme grief.

“Clan Master! It wasn’t me. It really wasn’t me who stole it! There must be… there must be a mistake somewhere! It really wasn’t me!” Xiao Lingxi shook her head over and over, her entire face already pale.

Xiao Kuangyun said with an angry and stern voice: “This box of Profound Opening Powder was found under your pillow. If you didn’t steal it, then are you telling me it grew wings and flew there? Young lady, I gave you a chance to admit your guilt before. It was you who didn’t take it. Now that we have conclusive proof and also countless people from outside the Xiao Clan as witnesses, you still want to deny it? It seems like you won’t confess if I don’t give you a heavy punishment!”

“Give you a heavy punishment”, those five words caused Xiao Lingxi’s entire body to waver. If it wasn’t for Xiao Che promptly supporting her, she may have already collapsed on the ground. Xiao Che’s hands clenched as a *pop* sound continuously rang out from his knuckles. His carefully watched Xiao Kuangyun, his entire body emitting, for the first time since his rebirth, true… killing intent!

“Young Master Xiao, please calm down!” Xiao Yunhai immediately stepped forward and knelt on one knee. He said beseechingly: “Xiao Lingxi stealing from the Xiao Sect is truly unforgivable, but… but she isn’t a bad person. In my Xiao Clan she is very well liked. The fact that she would steal the Profound Opening Powder also involves some complications…”

“Complications? What complications?” Xiao Kuangyun asked with a dark expression.

Xiao Yunhai used his eyes to indicate Xiao Lingxi and Xiao Che, who were standing together. He said with a remorseful expression: “Xiao Lingxi is the only daughter of our fifth elder, and she has a nephew called Xiao Che who is older than her by a year. This nephew of hers had the misfortune of being born with deformed profound veins…With deformed profound veins, no matter how Xiao Che grows in other areas, it’s still the same as having his life mostly ruined. Xiao Lingxi extremely cherishes Xiao Che and has always been searching for a way to restore his profound veins… This is something that everyone in the Xiao Clan and Floating Cloud City knows. All those present here can attest to that. The reason Xiao Lingxi would have the audacity to steal the Profound Opening Powder is obviously because she heard that the Profound Opening Powder has the power to restore destroyed profound veins. Thus, with the intention of saving her nephew, she committed this reckless crime.”

“Although the crime has been committed, and the evidence is conclusive beyond a doubt, I beg Young Master Xiao to be lenient with his punishment on account of the fact that our Xiao Lingxi is still young and has a sincere heart. Our entire Xiao Clan would be grateful for Young Master Xiao’s great kindness.”

Even though Xiao Yunhai’s posture was low, every one of his spoken words were sincere. They struck straight at the heart, causing everyone to feel touched. His words also allowed those who didn’t understand how Xiao Lingxi would have the audacity to steal the Profound Opening Powder to suddenly realize… It turns out that the Profound Opening Powder also had the ability to restore damaged profound veins. No wonder…

Everyone in Floating Cloud City knew that Xiao Che’s profound veins had been damaged since birth. The fact that Xiao Lingxi had always cherished him and unceasingly worried about the state of his profound veins was also something that everyone in the Xiao Clan knew. With this, the fact that Xiao Lingxi would steal the Profound Opening Powder was no longer reckless, but rather reasonable.

More than a few people secretly looked down on the way Xiao Yunhai always fawned over Xiao Kuangyun. However, now, a kind of heartful admiration towards him started to grow in everyone’s hearts… In order to protect a Xiao Clan disciple, this Xiao Clan Master still begged for forgiveness with all his strength even though he faced a raging member of the Xiao Sect. His words were also passionate, and he even knelt on one knee.

Only Xiao Che was sneering in anger… What a flawless performance! On the surface, it was someone begging for forgiveness for the sake of Xiao Lingxi, but in truth, it was completely legitimizing the accusation against her! If he was an outsider, it’s possible that even he would think that everything was Xiao Lingxi’s doing.

“It turns out there was this kind of situation.” After listening to Xiao Yunhai’s words, Xiao Kuangyun’s expression clearly mellowed quite a bit. He said lightly: “Hmph. My noble self isn’t some vicious and merciless person. Since she committed this blunder for the sake of her nephew, in light of these feelings, as long as she obediently admits her mistake and apologizes, I can still consider it gently…”

“It wasn’t me! It really wasn’t me who stole it!” Xiao Lingxi forcefully shook her head. She gritted her teeth and shouted in a slightly hoarse voice: “If I did it, I would definitely confess… But I really didn’t steal the Profound Opening Powder! I especially don’t know why it would appear in my room… It must be some kind of mistake! Clan Master, please believe me. It really wasn’t me!”

Xiao Lingxi shouting in this way not only didn’t move anyone, but instead had the opposite reaction due to Xiao Yunhai’s previous obfuscation… She is the one with the most reason to steal the Profound Opening Powder, and it was also found in her room. These facts could already thoroughly determine her guilt. That Xiao Yunhai would plead for leniency on her behalf without regard to danger or dignity was already extremely benevolent and moving, yet she still won’t confess.

Xiao Kuangyun’s expression that had just mellowed once again darkened. He said with a sneer: “Where was there a mistake? Our Xiao Sect personally found this Profound Opening Powder in your room. Are you saying that our Xiao Sect member purposefully framed you, a young lady from this small Xiao Clan? Eh?”

Xiao Kuangyun said this sentence with full of anger and confidence… That the grand Xiao Sect would purposefully frame someone from the Xiao Clan, which didn’t even amount to anything in their eyes? It would be a joke to anyone who heard it.

At this time, the Xiao Clan’s First Elder Xiao Li stood up. He pointed at Xiao Lingxi and said with a stern voice: “Xiao Lingxi! You made such a large mistake, and thus humiliated the entire Xiao Clan. The clan master still personally pleaded for leniency on your behalf, and even Young Master Xiao was thinking of dealing with you mercifully. Yet you unexpectedly still don’t know a good thing when you see it! You have really… disappointed us too much!”

“Ah, more than disappointing, it’s simply extremely heartbreaking.” Second Elder Xiao Bo shook his head and said with a sad expression: “She would go as far as to waste the clan master’s persistent pleas for leniency… Ah! Xiao Lingxi, what kind of existence is the Xiao Sect that they would deliberately and wrongfully accuse you? If you could change your ways after making a mistake, that would be best. But you acting like this in front of our various friends from Floating Cloud City shames us greatly.”

“I… you… you…” Upon seeing pitiless and cold gazes one after another, Xiao Lingxi’s lovely body trembled, and teardrops leaked from her eyes. Her mind was completely blank. She wasn’t able to utter a complete sentence.

At this moment, Xiao Che lightly squeezed her small hand with his. Standing at her side, he said with a warm voice that only she could hear: “Little aunt, don’t be afraid… For the moment, don’t say anything, because it doesn’t matter what you say right now. It doesn’t matter if they believe you or not. I will always believe in little aunt… Leave the rest to me.”

Leave the rest… to me…

His profound strength was miniscule, and his body was frail. He had grown up under her constant protection. Yet it was precisely this weak body that stood in front of her. When he said these few simple words, her frantic, helpless, and ice cold thoughts quickly and unexpectedly became peaceful and warm… It was as if they had returned to their childhood, where, whenever she was bullied, he would always fly in from afar to stand in front of her and, using his hands, feet, and teeth as the most vicious weapons, prevent her from receiving even the tiniest scratch…

Xiao Che… She quietly murmured in her heart.

“*Cough* *cough*…” Xiao Che stepped forward a few steps and faked a few coughs, attracting everyone’s attention. He bowed slightly and said with a smile: “Young Master Xiao and the other three friends that travelled here from the distant Xiao Sect. Allow me to introduce myself… I am Xiao Lingxi’s nephew, the Xiao Che that is considered by everyone to be without redeeming features. I have a few questions I want the ask the clan master concerning the stolen and subsequently recovered Profound Opening Powder. There shouldn’t be any problems with that, right?”

“Oh… You are Floating Cloud City’s infamous piece of trash?” Xiao Kuangyun indifferently glanced at him and sneered with a sound of disdain: “You shouldn’t be thinking of making excuses for your little aunt, right? *Chuckle*, that’s fine, I actually do want to see what you can find out with your questions.”

“Che Er…” Xiao Lie, whose face had long ago turned ashen, lightly uttered. The response he got was from Xiao Che’s right hand behind his back, which indicated for him to be silent.

“That’s good!” Xiao Che nodded as his gaze turned towards Xiao Yunhai: “Clan master, I have a few questions I want to ask you about the Profound Opening Powder…”

Not waiting for Xiao Yunhai’s reply, Xiao Che had already started to ask: “The first question… Clan Master, you, be it your cultivation of profound strength or mental fortitude, are preeminent amongst our Xiao Clan. Even more so, your temperament is steady and prudent. If not, you wouldn’t be able to become our Xiao Clan’s clan master. This matter, everyone in the Xiao Clan, and even everyone in Floating Cloud City, all know without exception. Then the question is, this excavator… Oh, that’s not right. With Clan Master’s prudent disposition, after receiving the gift from the Xiao Sect, the best course of action would be to keep it by your side, because only when it’s by your side is it the safest… But Clan Master instead left it in the infirmary, which could be said to be the least secure location. Can Clan Master explain this?”





Chapter 28 – Upheaval (7)


“Xiao Che! What do you mean by that?” The First Elder Xiao Li suddenly bellowed: “Don’t tell me you’re implying that Clan Master had stolen the Profound Opening Powder from himself, and then shifted the blame to Xiao Lingxi! You’re the reason why Xiao Lingxi had stolen the Profound Opening Powder. If you keep blabbering such nonsense, be careful or else even you will get punished together if you don’t step down!”

“Don’t be agitated, First Elder.” Xiao Che shook his head as he laughed, appearing harmless: “Where would I get the courage to even dare question Clan Master, I’m just voicing out the suspicions in my heart, and I believe, that most of us here have the same question too. Many of us here understand Clan Master’s nature and must be puzzled as to why Clan Master had handled the situation that way. Of course Clan Master is innocent. He couldn’t have done this kind of low and dirty thing that even the world would despise. I’m sure Clan Master will give a perfect explanation. Am I right, Clan Master.”

(TL: “low and dirty” was interpreted from Chinese idiom that literally meant “worse than pigs and dogs”)

The people of Xiao Clan and the nobles of Floating Cloud City all stared at him surreptitiously… The Xiao Che they knew was a weak and timid person, someone who was terrified of even coming into contact with outsiders. However, not only was he able to be speak frankly under the watchful eyes of the crowd in this tense atmosphere and situation, his expression did not even change when the First Elder had shouted at him… This Xiao Che and the Xiao Che they knew seemed to be two fundamentally different people.

“Low and dirty that even the world would despise” These few words caused Xiao Yunhai’s face to cramp momentarily. He raised his head to look at Xiao Che, faintly smiled and said: “There’s no need to get agitated First Elder, it’s normal for Xiao Che to question this way and just like he said, many of our friends here should have the same question as well. Actually, when I received the Profound Opening Powder from Young Master Xiao yesterday, I indeed had prepared to keep it by my side. However, the Profound Opening Powder is a high grade medicine from the Xiao Sect that’s also extremely precious. The higher the grade of the medicine, the easier it is for the effects to dissipate. In the case of this treasure elixir, even if the effect was to dissipate by a bit, it would still be a great loss. If I were to carry it with me, it will often come into contact with impure vital energy so even though it is protected by the Black Profound Ebony box, its effects will still dissipate easily. That’s the reason why I placed it inside the infirmary. After all, in the infirmary, a numerous variety of herbs have been gathered over the years, resulting in plenty of ‘medicinal energy. In places with ample ‘medicinal energy’, the elixir’s energy will not dissipate that easily… That is the reason.”

“Another reason is that we of the Xiao Clan have always been serious about abiding to the law. I never would have expected a ‘domestic thief’ to appear, or even think that she would have the audacity to steal the important gift the Xiao Sect had brought… But no matter the reason, it is nonetheless my fault that the Profound Opening Powder was stolen. In regards to this, I can’t escape that responsibility. I won’t complain if Young Master Xiao also demands my punishment.”

Xiao Yunhai sighed heavily after he finished speaking.

Xiao Yunhai explanation was completely perfect. The First Elder suddenly yelled once more: “Xiao Che! Did you hear that clearly? Clan Master had left the Profound Opening Powder in the infirmary was because of this meticulous reason and wanted to protect the Profound Opening Powder’s potency! Who would have thought a house thief would appear! What else do you have to say?”

“Oh, oh! So that’s it!” Xiao Che nodded his head, as if he was pleased with Xiao Yunhai explanation: “To even know the existence of ‘medicinal energy’, Clan Master sure is knowledgeable. Then, the second question that I wanted to ask is coincidentally related with this ‘medicinal energy’.”

Xiao Che narrowed his eyes and faintly laughed as he continued: “Regarding ‘medicinal energy’, our Xiao Clan’s infirmary has accumulated a variety of herbs over the years and they are indeed ample. Furthermore, the highest quantity herb we have in our infirmary is the “Thin Net Grass”, so the medicinal energy’s odor should be a sweet fishy one belonging to that of the ‘Thin Net Grass’.”

“Clan Master also knows that the box containing the Profound Opening Powder is made from the Black Profound Ebony and Black Profound Ebony is very good at protecting the effects of elixirs from dissipating to the surrounding, then does Clan Master know the reason why Black Profound Ebony can protect the effects of elixirs… Well, in fact, the reason is pretty simple. Black Profound Ebony has a very strong particle absorption ability, so when the medicinal force in its surroundings come into contact with the Black Profound Ebony, they will get firmly absorbed and will be difficult to diffuse. After the surface has absorbed enough until full capacity, the medicinal force still would be unable to scatter even if it wanted to. I believe that anyone here with a bit of medical knowledge should understand this theory.”

Quite a number of people present nodded their heads silently.

“Then, if the Black Profound Ebony Box that contained the Profound Opening Powder had been placed in the infirmary for a certain period of time, its surface surely would have absorbed a large quantity of ‘medicinal energy’ when inside the infirmary. According to the nature of Black Profound Ebony, it absorbs fast but diffuses slowly, so even if it was removed from the infirmary, you should still be able to smell the ‘medicinal energy’ even after two to three days… the sweet fishy smell of the Thin Net Grass…”

Once these words were said, Xiao Yunhai complexion immediately changed slightly.

Xiao Che had calculated accurately that Xiao Yunhai would not really have placed the Profound Opening Powder in the infirmary because if the Profound Opening Powder had really been stolen, he would have cried his eyes out… And Xiao Yunhai indeed did not place the Profound Opening Powder in the infirmary. As for the infirmary doctor, Xiao Gu, he had already been informed about this beforehand, and under the Xiao Sect’s deterrence, Xiao Gu did not dare to refuse.

“I wonder if Clan Master dares to bring the box over, and let us smell to check whether or not the odor that should be there, is actually on the box?” Xiao Che said as he chuckled.

“Xiao Che! As expected, you’re still suspecting Clan Master, simply preposterous!” Before Xiao Yunhai said anything, Xiao Li once again erupted agitatedly: “In order to protect your little aunt, you are actually going to forcefully question Clan Master, simply ridiculous! Unreasonable! Our Xiao Clan had totally raised you in vain all these years, why haven’t you withdrawn!!”

“Hehe, there’s no need to be agitated, First Elder. Their aunt and nephew relationship has always been close, his attempt to exculpate at all cost is understandable. Furthermore, what he said is also reasonable and fair. Since he wants to know if there are any problems with this box, we shall just prove it to him. But, both the Profound Opening Powder and Black Profound Wood are precious treasures, how could we let anyone touch it as they please.” Xiao Yunhai turned to face Xiao Kuangyun after he had finished speaking and respectfully continued: “Then, can we please trouble Young Master Xiao to be a witness. I believe that if it’s Young Master Xiao, his word will convince the masses more than anyone else present today.

Xiao Che secretly sneered but his expression did not change, and nodding slightly: “Of course, if its Young Master Xiao, he will be the most trustworthy. Can Young Master Xiao please do us the honor of smelling the odor on the box, to clear the doubts in my heart.”

Xiao Kuangyun and Xiao Yunhai’s gaze met. At the same time, they both thought that it was impossible for the dumb Xiao Che to realize that they had been cooperating from the very start. Xiao Kuangyun held up the box in his hand, smiled disdainfully, and casually replied: “This suspicion is quite interesting. That being the case, I shall smell it on your behalf.”

After he said that, Xiao Kuangyun lifted up the box that contained the Profound Opening Powder, brought it to his nose, and started to earnestly smell it. He then knitted his eyebrows and spoke: “Even though the smell is not strong, there indeed is a sweet yet fishy smell.”

He narrowed his eyes and indifferently said: “Come over and smell it as well First Elder, to avoid other people suspecting that I am collaborating with the Xiao Clan Master.”

“How could it be possible that someone of Young Master Xiao’s status would bother to lie to us.” First Elder Xiao Li immediately flattered as he walked over obediently and strongly sniffed. He then nodded his head: “That’s right, it does indeed have a sweet but fishy smell.” He glared across the room and raised his voice: “What else do you have to say, Xiao Che? Young Master Xiao and Clan Master have already given you a heaven’s amount of face, if you continue to pester endlessly, I will personally chase you down.”

“Whoa! Calm down First Elder.” Xiao Che waved his hands up and down as his expression became strange: “Both Young Master Xiao and First Elder unexpectedly smelled a sweet fishy smell, this this this… *Cough cough* Actually, I was not careful just now and had misspoken… Young Master Xiao being of the noble status, surely only come into contact with the highest grade of elixirs. As for the common herbs like that of the Thin Net Grass, you surely would not bother to take a second look. Clan Master and First Elder wholeheartedly dedicate themselves to training and does not dabble in medical knowledge, and therefore naturally has no time to visit the infirmary, so you might not know that the odor of the Thin Net Grass is actually not a sweet fishy smell, but a sweet bitter smell. Any one of you know that if you go in the infirmary and take a sniff… eh? Yet both Young Master Xiao and First Elder had smelled a sweet fishy smell, this makes me unable to understand. I wonder if anyone here can do me a favor to explain this for me?”

Once those words were said, everyone’s expressions had changed, becoming incomparably brilliant, while on the other hand, Xiao Kuangyun, Xiao Yunhai, and First Elder Xiao Li’s expressions instantly became rigid… Although it was only for a moment, many people clearly saw that change. Meanwhile, the Xiao Clan disciples who often frequent the infirmary, were familiar with the smell of the Thin Net Grass and burst into stares…

Numerous people’s hearts began to pump violently…

They began to scent an atmosphere, different from before…

“Xiao Che! You still don’t want to shut your mouth, brat… Not only did you try to shield Xiao Lingxi in vain, you still went as far to question Clan Master, to question Young Master Xiao! I see you are deliberately playing with us, and continuing to babble nonsense!” Xiao Li face ashened and revealed an ominous glint in his eyes: “Young Master Xiao, Clan Master, don’t listen to his nonsense anymore! Since the truth of the stolen Profound Opening Powder matter is already out, we need not waste any more time. Xiao Che, this brat, not only caused all this mess, he still tried to shield the culprit and offended Clan Master and Young Master Xiao. He ought to be penalized!!”

As long as one was not deaf, one could clearly hear that Xiao Li’s words contained a hint of humiliation in his rage. As for the topic of “smelling wrong”, he had completely avoided the issue and didn’t even give out a word of explanation.

“Since Elder Xiao does not want to hear my nonsense, then I shall cut to the chase. As for my last question, I want to ask this friend call Xiao Jiu from the Xiao Sect. This should be an extremely simple question and I expect you to answer it. If you are able to answer it, then I will admit that my little aunt had indeed stolen the Profound Opening Powder and I won’t utter a single word of complaint. Even if you want to punish my little aunt, or even punish me together as well!”

Without waiting for Xiao Yunhai and the rest to respond, Xiao Che’s gaze had landed on the corpse-like face of Xiao Jiu. His expression remained bland but his eyes had become incomparably sharp, each word sounded like a small gong: “Xiao Jiu, you say that the Profound Opening Powder was found under the pillow of my little aunt’s room. Then, can you tell me whether the bed in my little aunt room is facing east or west? What is the color of the pillow? And if the pillow was placed on the southern end or the northern end of the bed?”

Xiao Jiu’s expression instantly stiffened while Xiao Kuangyun and Xiao Yunhai’s expressions all of a sudden became incomparably unsightly.

“If you did go into my little aunt’s room and found the Profound Opening Powder under her pillow, then those questions should be extremely simple to you… Come, tell me your answer, you just need to say out, my little aunt and I will immediately plead guilty without a second word. Yes, I guess you, Young Master Xiao, Clan Master and all the elders here want to settle this case quickly and start the main business for today, am I right? Then you should quickly tell us. It would be bad to delay your master and everyone’s time here… Say it? Say it… what? Why aren’t you answering me? Didn’t you clearly go into my little aunt’s room? Why can’t you even answer such a simple question?”

“Don’t tell me… you never even went into my little aunt’s room in the first place? But you claimed that the Profound Opening Powder is found under my little aunt’s pillow… How did that come about? Could it be that you know the legendary Thousand Mile Chicken Snatching skill?”

(TL: Mile still refers to the Chinese mile, li, which is still half a kilometer.)





Chapter 29 – Upheaval (8)


No matter how big or small the courtyards were, the Xiao Clan had a total of around two hundred thirty three courtyards. The courtyards were all arranged irregularly and most of them looked almost exactly the same. If we don’t even mention the Xiao Sect members who came yesterday and only talk about people who have already been living here for ten or even twenty days, even they would not necessarily remember all the courtyard’s positions, nor would they accurately connect them with their owner. This was why Xiao Che was certain that Xiao Jiu had not even gone to Xiao Lingxi’s courtyard…. Even if he deliberately went there to check it out yesterday, he could not possibly find it again in such a short time. He should have been faking his search and instead just randomly walked around in a circle for a while until he came back with the box containing the Profound Opening Powder.

Xiao Jiu’s silence and the dramatically worsening complexions of Xiao Kuangyun and Xiao Yunhai would even let fools begin to understand what was going on.

Xiao Yunhai flawlessly answered Xiao Che’s first question… yet he did not know that it was only just a decoy. The second question that came immediately after made them sink into a deep hole. As for the third question…. it was virtually a resounding slap to their face.

“Little Che….” Xiao Lingxi buried her face in her hands as her vision became hazy. In her most helpless situation, everyone had kept away from her, questioned her, and wronged her for a period of time. Only he stayed the same as before. He fearlessly put his body in front of hers in attempt to shield her…. and confronted the people that not even those of the Xiao Clan would readily dare to provoke.

This silhouette left a deep impression at the bottom of her heart, and this memory may last a lifetime, without any chance of ever disappearing or fading away.

Xia Qingyue’s expression became bright once again. The questions were flawlessly answered and everyone was fully convinced of their act, but unexpectedly, he completely turned the entire situation around with only a few simple questions, while also exposing their lies. She yet again discovered that she actually did not truly understand him. No, it should be said that he had hidden his true self from everyone else…. for no one even knew of his frightening medical skills that could shock the entire world. At the moment, he had only revealed a scheme that left others incapable of movement.

The look on everyone’s face secretly changed….

However, there were no traces of any change on Xiao Lie’s face. Instead, he became even more ashen as both his hands quietly trembled together.

He knew from the start that it was an act to shift the blame onto someone else. Except that Xiao Lingxi ended up with the position of the scapegoat…. As he noticed the way Xiao Kuangyun’s gaze changed when his eyes turned in Xiao Lingxi’s direction, he went in a fit of rage. However, he could not open his mouth to speak, and could not possibly try to speak. This time, Xiao Che’s few sentences exposed their ugly and vicious intentions in front of all the people that were currently present.

But after that?

Could they even be ashamed? Would shame cover their faces? Would they apologize? Or perhaps shout loudly to say that it was all a misunderstanding?

Haha…. That’s absolutely impossible!

This would only anger them even further, and make things get more out of hand which in turn would make the consequences even more severe. The people who were present were well aware of this farce, but they did not dare to openly declare that it was happening. Instead, waves of anger came from the opposite party, like blades of grass swaying in the wind….

This was because the other party was the son of the Sect Master of the Xiao Sect! He could crush the entire Xiao Clan with a lift of his finger! Without sufficient power, what was the use of having a brilliant tongue and an observant mind? In the face of absolute power, this so-called truth could not even be considered as just a joke.

“Xiao Che!! You unfilial bastard, you still haven’t shut up!!” The First Elder pointed at Xiao Che and desperately bellowed in rage: “You again and again search for a ridiculous reason to discredit Clan Master and our noble guests from the Xiao Sect! What exactly is your motive! Why would the Xiao Sect try to frame Xiao Lingxi? Everyone in the world knows of the Xiao Sect and their word holds enormous weight. If they say that the Profound Opening Powder was found in Xiao Lingxi’s room, then it was found in Xiao Lingxi’s room! No one in Floating Cloud City has the right to question their authority!”

“This is truly outrageous, to question even the honorable guests from the Xiao Sect. Clan Master and Young Master Xiao had repeatedly exhibited their accommodating patience but unexpectedly, if you give him an inch, he’d want a mile; this is simply intolerable…. Young Master Xiao, Clan Master, this old one pleads for the rapid arrest of the thief Xiao Lingxi and the nonsense babbler, Xiao Che!” Second Elder Xiao Bo shouted in anger.

In fact, everyone present was well aware of the situation at hand, yet did not dare to say it out loud. First Elder and Second Elder shamelessly roared, and there was not one person who would speak in their favor, but there was a look of pity in everyone’s eyes…. The opposing party was the Xiao Sect. Even if you saw through their trickery. Even if you completely unraveled their scheme and the truth, what was the use?

Xiao Kuangyun’s expression had already darkened to the color of charcoal. He did not think that his “perfect” plan would backfire in his face in front of so many people…. Although these people looked at him with a fearful expression, and didn’t dare to make a single sound, he would bet his little toe that in their minds, they had inevitably sneered at him and saw him as a dog!

And all of this was because of Xiao Che!

Xiao Kuangyun became more and more enraged as he directed his killing intent at the nobody that paid no heed to his importance. He spoke in a deep voice: “I, from the dignified Xiao Sect, have no obligation to answer the question of a useless piece of trash from the Xiao Clan. Furthermore, I have no obligation to explain a matter belonging to my Xiao Sect! Which Elder in Xiao Clan is in charge of law enforcement? Immediately arrest this thief and the piece of trash that tried to vainly shield her!

“We solemnly obey Young Master Xiao’s order!!” Roared Fourth Elder Xiao Cheng, the chief of law enforcement within the Xiao Clan who saw his opportunity to make an appearance. He suddenly turned his head, his eyes revealing an ominous glint as they laid upon the victim Xiao Lingxi, and shouted in a loud voice yet again: “Xiao Lingxi, Xiao Che! You two have already committed a serious crime, come with me at once to the law enforcement hall to await your punishment!!”

The situation had made a sudden change. It was obvious that they had been exposed, yet the opposite party acted without a care for their pride and immediately made a direct approach. Xiao Che actually became alarmed as he retreated backwards, and whispered to Xia Qingyue: “Hey! Qingyue my wife, where’s your master!!”

“Don’t know” Xia Qingyue flatly replied.

“I~! @#￥%……” The reason why Xiao Che dared to mercilessly slap Xiao Sect’s face was not because his blood rushed to his head, but because he knew that Xia Qingyue’s master was in the vicinity…. Last night, he had even specifically reminded Xia Qingyue to notify her master.

In the end, Xia Qingyue only offered him “don’t know”. This motherf*cker…

Xiao Cheng’s profound strength was one the top five within the Xiao Clan, so it was fundamentally impossible that Xiao Che and Xia Lingxi had the ability to resist him. But now, a tall shadow appeared all of a sudden, in a flash, and stood in front of Xiao Che and Xiao Lingxi. With an entire body surging with profound strength, Xiao Lie had abruptly come forward….

A vibration sounded as a sandstorm brew as far as anyone could see. The Xiao Cheng that had been rapidly dashing towards his target was directly hit as he flew backwards. After landing, he staggered backwards seven or eight steps until he regained his balance.

Within the Xiao Clan…. It should be said that within the entire Floating Cloud City, the only person who could make him yield in just one strike was the one in the tenth level of the Spirit Profound Realm, Xiao Lie!

“Xiao Lie! What’s the meaning of this! Are you going to brazenly shield them?” If it was the past, Xiao Cheng would undoubtedly shrink in the presence of Xiao Lie, but at this moment, he nevertheless shouted with complete confidence.

Although he knew what was happening, and knew that there was no use in struggling to defend them, how could Xiao Lie silently watch Xiao Che and Xiao Lingxi be brought away to suffer such injustice? Ignoring Xiao Cheng, he faced the platform and spoke: “Clan Master, regarding today’s situation, I always had something I wanted to say! It is absolutely impossible that my daughter, Xiao Lingxi is a person that would steal the Profound Opening Powder!”

“Haha, Xiao Lingxi is your daughter, so of course you would say that!” Xiao Li laughed coldly: “However, the truth is already clear, whatever you have to say is completely useless! If you dare to shield and obstruct this arrest again, don’t blame me for not acknowledging our Xiao Clan’s relationship as I’ll also seize you together with them!

Since he stood next to Xiao Kuangyun, Xiao Li had enough confidence to lie in broad daylight and spoke as if they were fact, with an incredible expression on his face.

Xiao Lie was incomparably balanced as he looked at Xiao Yunhai and lightly spoke: “Yes, it’s true that I did tell Xi Er that the Profound Opening Powder had the ability to repair profound veins. I instantly regretted it after I told her that, because knowing her personality, I was afraid that she would be impulsive enough to steal the Profound Opening Powder. As a result, I stood in front of her courtyard’s doorway all night, until dawn! She absolutely did not even take half a step outside her courtyard entrance!”

“Tch!” Xiao Li scornfully sneered: “In order to absolve your daughter’s crime, you could actually think up of such a ridiculous reason! Think about it, would anyone even believe your words? Our friends present today, do anyone of you believe him?”

In the presence of the four Xiao Sect member’s grim faces, no one dared to speak.

Xiao Lie’s expression became coldly resolute as he spoke in a loud voice: “I, Xiao Lie have always lived a straightforward and upright life! Although not a true gentleman, I have never looked down on a person of lower status! I have never harmed anyone, nor have I deceived anyone! If what I said earlier had even half an untruth, may the heavens and earth punish me, and condemn me to a terrible death!”

Xiao Lie’s words were sonorous and struck the hearts of the people. Every individual word was filled to the brim with a profound righteousness and spirit. Xiao Lie was not only the strongest in Floating Cloud City, but his integrity was also well known! It was actually not necessary for him to swear the ‘may the heavens and earth punish me, and condemn me to a terrible death” oath for others to believe his words…. But, even though it wasn’t necessary for him to say those words, with Xiao Che’s previous statement, everyone present had already thoroughly seen the real truth. However, in the midst of Xiao Sect’s domineering power, it was fundamentally impossible to change the unfavorable accusation placed upon Xiao Lingxi. Even if Xiao Lie brought out more evidence, it was useless, and would merely cause Xiao Kuangyun to be further enraged out of humiliation.

“HAHAHAHA….”

A burst of disdainful laughter suddenly rang out in the midst of the people belonging to the Xiao Clan. A Xiao Yulong who had not bothered to speak, suddenly stood out and appeared. He turned towards Xiao Lie, laughing as he looked at him: “In this matter, this Xiao Yulong has absolutely no right to speak or intervene, but all of a sudden, when I heard Fifth Elder’s grand speech, I truly couldn’t hold back anymore…. A person who has fooled the entire Xiao Clan these ten or so years, unexpectedly professed himself to be a ‘straightforward and upright person that had never deceived another’! This is simply a joke bigger than the heavens itself!”

Has fooled the entire Xiao Clan these ten or so years… Those few words startled everyone.

As he listened to Xiao Yunlong’s words and saw his expression, Xiao Che’s brow suddenly sank, and a bad premonition surfaced within his heart.

“Xiao Yulong, what do you mean!” Xiao Lie immediately knitted his eyebrows and asked in a low voice.

Xiao Yunhai also spoke with a serious expression on his face: “Yulong! Fifth Elder has always been a person of virtue and prestige. In the presence of our noble guests from the Xiao Sect, in the presence of our Xiao Clan, and in the presence of our friends from Floating Cloud City, you mustn’t indiscriminately gossip!”

Xiao Yulong bowed slightly, and said: “I request father to rest assure, your son naturally would not dare to speak so casually in broad daylight.” As he looked at Xiao Lie, his eyes narrowed and he laughed faintly: “Fifth Elder, you claim to be a ‘straightforward and upright person who had never deceived another’, then do you dare to pledge on your son Xiao Ying’s lifetime of honor and glory…. that Xiao Che is indeed your blood-related grandson!!”





Chapter 30 – Upheaval (9)


Xiao Yulong’s words made Xiao Lie’s entire body tremble, his pupils immediately contracted as he dumbfoundedly stood there.

Looking at Xiao Yulong’s sinister smile, how could he not realize that the mumbling on that day, in front of his son Xiao Ying’s grave… had entirely been heard!

What Xiao Yulong had said caused the crowd to instantly break into an uproar. Everyone’s jaws dropped open as they shifted their focus onto Xiao Lie and when they saw Xiao Lie’s unusual reaction, the astonishment in their hearts suddenly magnified several times. With this, the sound of the discussion had also started to increase.

Xiao Che was completely stumped; when he took note of Xiao Lie’s reaction, he was stupefied in place. Xiao Lingxi also had a dull expression, and looked at Xiao Lie blankly.

“Yulong! What is this about?” Xiao Yunhai frowned as he asked solemnly.

Xiao Yulong turned sideways and replied respectfully: “A few days ago when I went to the cemetery at the rear mountain to pay my respects, I coincidentally met Fifth Elder. At that time, he was standing in front of his son, Xiao Ying’s grave and was mumbling something to himself… But I heard it very clearly, he was saying… that Xiao Che was in fact, not Xiao Ying’s biological son!”

From Xiao Yulong’s words just now and Xiao Lie’s reaction, the crowd had already faintly guessed the truth, but now that Xiao Yulong had so plainly announced it, it was like hearing a sudden clap of thunder. Everyone in the Xiao Clan were completely astonished. Those who were familiar and friendly with Xiao Lie widened their eyes even more, with faces full of complete disbelief.

“This…” Xiao Yunhai also had a face full of shock. He gravely said at once: “Yulong! This is a major matter that concerns our very bloodlines, you absolutely cannot speak recklessly!!”

Xiao Yulong firmly replied: “Of course I wouldn’t dare to lie about such a big matter. As for the truth, won’t you know after you ask the Fifth Elder… Fifth Elder, I guess you already heard what I said clearly, if you have a clear conscience, and that Xiao Che is really your biological grandson, then do you dare to swear on the honor of your son?”

Everyone’s gaze had all focused upon Xiao Lie. As he stood there stiffly, his expression became more bitter and astringent, he did not utter a single word or give an explanation for quite a while… His son, Xiao Ying, was the greatest pride of his life, and even if he had passed on, he would never swear on the honor of the deceased Xiao Ying, if that was the price.

Xiao Che opened his mouth, but he couldn’t say a single word. His chest felt empty as a heavy and stifling emotion quickly swept through his entire body.

“Father, how can little Che not be your biological grandson… Father, quickly say something, quickly tell them!” Xiao Lingxi strongly shook Xiao Lie’s body as she shouted in a terrified tone of voice.

But Xiao Lie did not utter a single word for a long time, as if he had turned into a statue. His expression quietly turn decrepit, and in a blink of an eye, he suddenly aged by more than ten years.

“Fifth Elder, how did that come about? Were the words that Yulong said the truth?” Xiao Yunhai agitatedly asked Xiao Lie as he frowned.

Xiao Lie slowly raised his head and took a deep breath. Xiao Yulong had forced him to swear on his son Xiao Ying… But that was something he would never do no matter what. Hence forth, this matter which he had concealed for sixteen years, was destined to unable to remain hidden from now on. He had thought that he could cover up the truth for an entire lifetime, until the day he died, but he never would have thought that it would actually be mercilessly revealed so quickly under this unimaginable situation, and in front of so many people.

Xiao Lie’s appearance had already tacitly agreed. If otherwise, he could have already sworn without apprehension and sealed Xiao Yulong’s mouth shut. Everyone in Xiao Clan were all flabbergasted. Even Xia Qingyue was also stunned. Xia Hongyi who was standing at the surrounding quietly at this time also had a face full of shock… Xiao Che was not Xiao Ying’s son? How could… this be!!

“Grandfather…”

As Xiao Che walked in front of Xiao Lie, every step he took was incomparably dense. When he looked at a face that seemed to have aged considerably in an instant, Xiao Che felt a burst of pain in his heart. He tried his best to remain serene, and asked softly: “Grandfather… is this really… true?”

Xiao Lie drooped down his head and looked at Xiao Che. He gave a bitter smile and in his clouded eyes, was a complicated expression that Xiao Che was unable to see clearly: “Even though you aren’t my biological child, but over these years, I have always treated you as my own grandson…”

If the silence before signified his consent, in that case, this sentence was the confirmation that everyone had now clearly heard!

The Xiao Clan instantly went into an uproar. Being in the Xiao Clan for so many years, this was without a doubt, the most shocking news that any had heard before.

Xiao Che stood there expressionlessly without uttering a single sound for quite a while, as if he had lost his soul. Xiao Lingxi was dumbfounded as well; she shook her head furiously, rushed toward Xiao Lie and agitatedly shouted: “Father! What are you saying… little Che grew up with me from a young age, he’s the biological son of my brother Xiao Ying, how could he not be your own grandson… You must be joking… am I right!?”

A hand stretched over and grabbed Xiao Lingxi’s hand. At this moment Xiao Che’s expression had changed back to normal. He looked at Xiao Lingxi and gently shook his head afterwards, revealing a shallow smile: “It’s okay, little aunt. Grandfather will always be my grandfather, and you will always be my little aunt. We will always be the closest of families, so it doesn’t matter if we are related by blood or not; our feelings will never change… So is it really that important if I’m not the biological child?”

“Little Che…” Xiao Lingxi eyes instantly became hazy.

Whereas on the other side, a few of the mad dogs who suddenly got ahold of Xiao Che’s huge “weakness” started to bark wildly.

“Simply ridiculous! Ridiculous! This youngster that our Xiao Clan had raised for an entire sixteen years, does not belong to our Xiao Clan, and is actually a bastard who carried the blood of an outsider… This is practically the biggest joke in the history of Xiao Clan!” First Elder Xiao Li roared with a face full of rage.

“Xiao Lie! You actually brought a bastard into our Xiao Clan, and let our Xiao Clan raise him for an entire sixteen years! How do you want us… to even scold you! Argh!” Third Elder Xiao Ze sighed heavily.

“You clearly know he is a bastard but you still kept him in Xiao Clan, and let him enjoy the privilege of being an Elder’s grandson! Xiao Lie, you actually lied to our entire clan for sixteen years. If Yulong didn’t discover this by luck, perhaps we would get duped by you forever. By that time, the descendants of Xiao Clan would have been mixed with the blood of outsiders! Xiao Lie, do you know how big of a sin that is!” Fourth Elder Xiao Cheng pointed at Xiao Lie as his face turned red due to his agitation.

Second Elder Xiao Bo scolded loudly: “No wonder every of our Xiao Clan’s descendants had above average talent, but all of a sudden a broken profound vein trash appeared! So it turns out that this trash Xiao Clan had raised for sixteen years was actually a bastard! If this were to spread, won’t our Xiao Clan become the laughingstock of Floating Cloud City!”

Not only the four big elders, but even the middle aged, and the attendants who belonged to the four big elders all stood out, mercilessly criticizing Xiao Lie. For a moment, Xiao Lie became the target of a multitude of verbal arrows.

“Fifth Elder, this is… is… Argh!” After Xiao Yunhai facial color went through a series of changes as he sighed for a long period of time.

“Hehe, you guys have truly let me witness such an extremely amusing show. The Xiao Clan which have developed to what it is today with great difficulty, unexpectedly has mingled in a bastard that came from nowhere! Even I am feeling embarrassed for you all!” As Xiao Kuangyun opened his mouth, his voice was the usual sound of sharp unpleasantness. He glanced at Xiao Che and enthusiastically continued: “Today is Xiao Clan’s general meeting, other than the people of Xiao Clan and the people that were invited, outsiders have no place here! Xiao Clan Master, what are you still waiting for, quickly throw this bastard out and from this day onwards, he should not be allowed to even take half a step into the Xiao Clan!!”

“Ahh… this…” Xiao Yunhai had a expression of “cannot bear to”. However after hesitating for a while, he gritted his teeth, faced Xiao Che and spoke: “Xiao Che, Fifth Elder has already admitted that you are not his grandson; you don’t have our Xiao Clan’s blood in your body either… Although our Xiao Clan had raised you in vain for sixteen years, but in these sixteen years, you were in the dark as well and if we were to go after you for anything, it would instead show our pettiness… Just leave, quickly leave our Xiao Clan. From now on, you have nothing to do with our Xiao Clan and you are not allowed to take even half a step into our Xiao Clan ever again!”

The gazes all focused onto Xiao Che again, and many people silently sighed in their hearts. However, Xiao Che did not even have a trace of a want to beg or sorrowful expression on his face. After listening to Xiao Yunhai words, he just smiled slightly with signs of sarcasm: “Clan Master and the elders need not be troubled, since I don’t belong to your Xiao Clan at all, then I will leave… Furthermore I will leave right now!”

He stood in front of Xiao Lie as his eyes trembled for a while, and then suddenly asked: “Grandfather… If I’m not your grandson, then who exactly are my biological parents?”

Xiao Lie had knew in advance that he would ask this question. He closed his eyes and shook his head: “I don’t know, Xiao Ying had picked you up from outside, even he does not know who your true biological parents were…”

“……” From Xiao Lie shaking and his complicated eyes, Xiao Che knew this wasn’t Xiao Lie’s heartfelt answer. He must know the truth of his birth, but in front of so many people, he wasn’t able to say it.

With a *plop* sound, Xiao Che knelt down heavily in front of Xiao Lie and sincerely said: “Grandfather, even if I’m not your biological child, but these sixteen years, you have treated me better than your own. You raised me, educated me, protected me, spent countless blood and sweat on me, and I can never return these sixteen years of affection. I have always been extremely glad to have such a kind grandfather like you. Although it was only today that I discovered that I actually do not have the Xiao Clan blood, what of it? You are my grandfather and I am your grandson, even if we are unrelated by blood, I will forever keep this affection in my heart! As long as grandfather does not mind, I will forever be your grandson!”

Those words caused everyone to feel a tremble in their hearts. Xiao Lie eyes started to moisten as he heavily nodded, said “good” with a hoarse voice, and walked forward, raising his hands with the intention of lifting Xiao Che up.

However Xiao Che avoided his hands, bent down, and heavily kowtowed three times towards Xiao Lie.

“Grandfather, little aunt, no matter what happens after I leave, I request that you carefully protect yourselves, and take proper care of your health….”

When Xiao Che stood up, his forehead was already bruised. However the smile on his face remained as gentle and calming as the autumn wind. He turned his body around and walked toward the direction of the gate. He didn’t want to leave… because grandfather and little aunt was here; he still wanted to use his life to protect them… but, he had to leave, or else grandfather and little aunt will get dragged into an unforeseeable mess. Regardless of whether or not he wanted to stay, he would still be forced to leave anyway.

“Little Che!!”

Xiao Lingxi sobbing shouts came from behind, and Xiao Che’s footsteps paused slightly, but he didn’t stop. He didn’t look back, and walked towards the gate without hesitation… Nobody knew that under his calm and quiet facade, masked a multitude of anger, resentment and the intention to murder…

He was exceedingly wise and shrewd, but he didn’t have power… Without power, he couldn’t fight back, he couldn’t protect his grandfather and little aunt, and he did not even have the strength to struggle… He had no other choice than to be expelled in this way…

The day when he was just reborn, he desired to gain power, and power was something that humans had always instinctively pursued from the very beginning. At this moment, compared to his previous days, his thirst for enormous power multiplied by a hundredfold, and could even be said to be a thousand times more intense…

He wanted to gain enormous power to protect his grandfather and little aunt, to wash away all this humiliation, and to make the people who had reveal their ugly faces today, regret. He wanted Xiao Kuangyun to die without a corpse… And even wanted the whole of Xiao Clan to pay an unforgettable price!

“Please keep my grandfather and little aunt safe… I beg you… ”

While passing by Xia Qingyue, Xiao Che said in a voice that only she could hear.

This man who was brimming with mystery and arrogance; when he said that, his eyes revealed a desperate plea for help… Perhaps, in his entire life, he had never begged anyone before, for his plea seemed to appear particularly heart wrenching. Xia Qingyue’s heart heavily quivered, and unexpectedly had an instant feeling of suffocation… She could not help but involuntarily and slowly, nod her head.





Chapter 31 – Frozen Cloud’s Seven Fairies – Chu Yueli


“Wait a minute! You can’t leave just yet!”

A voice came from behind, and temporarily stopped Xiao Che in his tracks.

Xiao Yulong walked quickly towards Xiao Che and, at the same time, said with a righteous face: “Everyone knows that Xiao Che just got married four days ago, and the one he married is our Floating Cloud City’s number one beauty, the Xia family’s precious daughter, Xia Qingyue. But, everyone must not forget the reason Xia Qingyue married Xiao Che! It’s because Fifth Elder’s son, Xiao Ying, had saved Xia Qingyue’s life in the past. The first reason was to repay the debt of gratitude, and the second reason was to honor the engagement from sixteen years ago. But whether it’s to repay the debt of gratitude, or honor the engagement, the one she should have married was Xiao Ying’s biological son… and not this bastard who isn’t of Xiao Clan’s bloodline, who popped out from who knows where!”

Xiao Yulong words instantly reminded everyone, the fact that Xia Qingyue had married Xiao Che was because of the agreement made sixteen years ago. Since Xiao Che was no longer the biological child of Xiao Ying, therefore the marriage was precisely an absolute mistake!

And since it was a mistake, it should…

Xiao Che didn’t look back, and replied coldly: “Xiao Yulong, it’s none of your business to interfere in my marriage affairs.”

“No, it is my business.” Xiao Yulong smirked and said: “At the moment, the entire Floating Cloud City knows that the number one beauty had been married into our Xiao Clan. Once today is over, the entire city will also know that this number one beauty had in fact not married into Xiao Clan, but to a bastard child that the Xiao Clan had been feeding in vain for sixteen years. And what a huge joke it would be!” Turning his gaze, he looked towards the silent Xia Hongyi that was standing at the back; Yulong raised his voice again and continued: “Master Xia, from what Yulong had heard, you and Xiao Ying had been brothers in arms years ago, and it may have been your wish to marry your daughter to Xiao Che. However now that the truth is out, that this Xiao Che was actually not Xiao Ying’s son, but was just a bastard child that was picked up from god knows where, I suppose that you must feel conflicted in your heart and is having trouble accepting this right now.”

Xia Hongyi remained silent, but his facial expression did indeed look somewhat terrible.

And at this time, the rest of the Xiao Clan disciples who could not bear to see Xia Qingyue’s marriage to Xiao Che finally found their opportunity to vent their frustrations and started to yell.

“Xiao Yulong is right! Xia Qingyue belongs to our Xiao Clan, and now that we know Xiao Che is not one of our Xiao Clan people, the marriage should be annulled!”

“The Fifth Elder clearly knew that Xiao Che wasn’t one of us, yet he still went ahead with the marriage…. this is simply a shameless swindle of a marriage!”

“This good for nothing trash Xiao Che was not fit to be with Xia Qingyue in the first place! Quickly annul this marriage and then banish him from Xiao Clan!”

“Master Xia! Please say something… Aren’t you angry after being lied to by Fifth Elder and Xiao Che for so many years? Are you going to let your daughter’s marriage become nothing but a joke?”

………………

Sarcasm, criticism, rejoicement, insults, and even the sound of people fanning the flames were heard… The people who were jealous of Xiao Che marrying Xiao Qingyue finally found an outlet to release their anger, and with each shout, the insults became more ear-piercing than the last. Since all of them were supposedly on the “correct” side, each and every one of them continued to criticize with an upright face, as if they were at a common trial.

At this moment, Xiao Yunhai gave his verdict with a cold face: “Xiao Che, you have heard everyone. You have no right to marry Xia Clan’s precious daughter. In order to not let our Xiao Clan become Floating Cloud City’s laughingstock and bring shame to the Xia Clan, hand over the marriage certificate before you leave our Xiao Clan.”

Xiao Che did not speak as he reached into his chest and took out the marriage certificate… He had always carried around this marriage certificate with him. This was because the number of people within the Xiao Clan who wanted to destroy this certificate were simple too numerous.

Once Xiao Yulong saw the certificate, he rushed toward him with the intent to snatch it, however Xiao Che just moved to the side and placed the marriage certificate into the hands on Xia Qingyue.

Xia Qingyue subconsciously held on to the certificate, as if in a trance.

“As husband and wife, the decision on whether or not we should separate, should always be between us. Not even the gods have the right to interfere.” As Xiao Che looked at Xia Qingyue, his cold voice reached everyone’s ears. Immediately after, he gentled his voice as he tenderly looked at Xia Qingyue: “But at the moment, I don’t have the power to protect this marriage certificate, so I can only pass it to you… If you still want to be my wife, then keep and protect it. If you want to regain your freedom… which is also good as well, then destroy it at once.”

Xia Qingyue: “..…”

Although he lost some of his pride as man by passing the responsibility of the marriage certificate and decision to Xia Qingyue, at that time, he had no other choice.

As he saw the quiet Xia Qingyue tightly clutch onto the marriage certificate, he gave her a slight smile and nodded. He took one last glance at Xiao Lie, Xiao Lingxi, and Xia Hongyi, and then walked towards the main entrance. He never turned his head back as he solitarily stepped out of Xiao Clan, and disappeared from everyone’s line of sight.

Xiao Che was a nobody, and had always been since the beginning. Even amongst the Xiao Clan, he was a dispensable existence. Even if his speech today had amazed quite a number of people, it still didn’t change the impression people had towards him for the past number of years. Since his departure was only just a small matter, it at most let them gloat for a while… Instantly, all their attention were focused onto the marriage certificate in Xia Qingyue hands.

“Lady Xia, I assume that you must be furious after knowing the truth.” Xiao Yulong walked closer to Xia Qingyue, laughing as he continued: “Xiao Che not only deceived our Xiao Clan for sixteen years, but had also dragged your Xia Clan down too. But it’s okay now; Lady Xia just has to tear up the marriage certificate in your hand and whatever that had happened before would just disappear. The entire Floating Cloud City will understand and support your decision. With your talent and beauty, surely you can find someone who is a thousand times better than Xiao Che.”

Ever since Xiao Yulong’s shameful performance, Xia Qingyue had always felt disgust towards him, and at this point in time, she was even further disgusted than before. She coldly replied: “Do you not understand what my husband had just said? Outsiders have no business in interfering with our affairs!”

Xiao Yulong’s complexion suddenly changed color… a lot of other complexions had also changed.

Almost everyone thought that Xia Qingyue had only wanted to repay a debt of gratitude and thus was forced into marrying Xiao Che in order to fulfill the agreement from sixteen years ago. If not, with her talent and appearance, why would she willingly marry a good for nothing piece of trash when she had the pick of any number of talented young men? They were under the impression that Xia Qingyue would not hesitate to rip the marriage certificate into shreds, but who would have thought that she would say the same words Xiao Che had said with an incomparable determination, and still called Xiao Che… “Husband”.

Xiao Yulong face became the red color of pork liver. This was entirely different from the play he had expected to happen. Now that Xiao Che had been expelled from Xiao Clan, by right, Xia Qingyue did not have any relationships with the Xiao Clan anymore. If she doesn’t tear the marriage certificate, the Xiao Clan fundamentally had no right to force her.

Xiao Lie lifeless eyes suddenly flash with splendor, and his gaze towards Xia Qingyue became extremely gentle. Under Xiao Clan’s pressure and chants, she had instead said those words, so no matter what the future may hold, she could be considered to have not let Xiao Che down… At least, she defended the last of Xiao Che’s pride.

Even Xiao Lingxi, who always had an unspeakable enmity towards Xia Qingyue felt sincere gratitude for her.

Xia Hongyi who had been keeping silent the entire time nodded his head at this very moment, with a very pleased look appearing on his face.

Xiao Kuangyun’s complexion had also become ashen. If Xia Qingyue did not tear up the marriage certificate, it would become much more troublesome to obtain her. This was because behind him, was his overseer, Xiao Moshan, the Vice Leader of Xiao Sect’s Discipline Hall, who was old fashioned, strict, and also someone whom even he feared. He came with Xiao Kuangyun this time to firstly protect him, but secondly to monitor him, and prevent him from doing anything that would sully the reputation of the Xiao Sect. Xiao Moshan allowed him to flirt as he pleased, yet he would never allow him to steal another’s wife… even if he was the biological son of the Sect Master, he would still interfere regardless.

However, he was still a young master of the Xiao Sect; how could he not be able to handle a merchant’s daughter from Floating Cloud City? He lowered his eyebrows and forcefully ordered: “This matter is not your decision to make! This marriage has affected Xiao Clan’s reputation, and since Xiao Clan originated from the Xiao Sect, this means it also affects my Xiao Sect’s reputation! I won’t allow anyone to tarnish the reputation of my Xiao Sect! Xiao Ba, go and destroy the marriage certificate for me!!”

“Yes! Young Master!”

Xiao Kuangyun forcefully roared out an implausible reason, but no one dared to refute him. Xiao Moshan too, did not take any action. Xiao Ba responded to the order by jumping down from the stage and charged towards Xia Qingyue; his target, the marriage certificate in her hands.

Even if it was just a follower of the Xiao Sect, who in Floating Cloud City would be able to stop him? Just as everyone thought the marriage certificate in Xia Qingyue hands was unable to be saved, a whizzing sound suddenly descended from the sky, accompanied by a surge of extremely cold wind….

Whoosh!!

Before Xiao Ba even reached the floor, he had already been blown back, and unsightly sprawled on the stage. He continued to lie on the floor, trembling, and did not get up… If one took a closer look, they would notice a thin layer of ice surrounding his entire body.

The sudden change of events caused everyone to exclaim in surprise. Xiao Moshan who had been keeping his eyes closed all this while, suddenly opened his eyes and look upwards towards the sky… At this moment, a clear and chilly voice came from above: “You Xiao Sect have truly gotten more and more capable huh, so much that you even start to meddle in the marriage affairs of my Asgard disciple! Who gave you the right to do so?”

In the blue sky with the occasional white cloud, was a floating woman, fully dressed in white, who looked down on the crowd with her cold eyes. She had an exceptionally snow white complexion and vermilion lips, a beauty with skin that was both smooth and fair. She had peerless elegance and a pure holiness, like that of a fairy who had descended from the palace in the moon. At the same time, she resembled a cold, prideful, and untainted icy lotus.

(TL: Palace in the moon referencing a Chinese folktale about Chang’Er.)

Although her features were clearly distinct, it was hard for anyone to ascertain her true age. She seemed to be in her twenties, and then in her thirties, yet still appeared to be in her teens as well… A piece of sparkling and translucent ice crystal levitated around her body. She was just like a fairy, dreamy and absolutely beautiful.

The beautiful sight in the sky stunned everyone. Suddenly, a trembling shout rang out in the crowd.

“Pro.. Profound Floating Technique! It’s the Profound Floating Technique!!”

This cry was like a bomb that had dropped onto everyone, and caused their jaws to open widely as their eyes almost popped out of their sockets. A huge change in expression can be seen in every one of their eyes.

That’s right! The woman in the sky was clearly floating without any help of any profound items, nor any flying creature! She was purely using her own power to float in the sky… and the only people that can float in the sky, who should have mastered the Profound Floating Technique, must at least reach the level of the Sky Profound Realm!

This woman in the sky, was actually a practitioner of the legendary… Sky Profound Realm!!

“Frozen Cloud’s… Seven Fairies!!” Xiao Moshan whispered under his breath as both his mind and body began to tighten and deep fear flashed across his eyes.

“What? What did you say?” Xiao Kuangyun who was intoxicated by the woman in the sky, suddenly regained his senses after hearing the four words “Frozen Cloud’s Seven Fairies”…. These seven women were the reason why Frozen Cloud Asgard was one of the top clans. They were people that even his father deeply feared. Rumors say that within the Frozen Cloud’s Seven Fairies, the lowest profound strength was already at the Sky Profound Realm! And the strongest of them, was reportedly to be halfway to the Emperor Profound Realm!

Xiao Sect’s position was always below the Frozen Cloud Asgard’s because of the existence of the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies. For three consecutive seasons in the Blue Wind Ranking Tournament, the Xiao Sect had always lost to the Frozen Cloud Asgard.

“Young Master, she is the fifth ranked amongst the Frozen Cloud Seven Fairies, Chu Yueli! I don’t know why she would appear here… But no matter what, do not offend her… Even if ten of me were to come together, I will still not be able to win against her!” Xiao Moshan whispered softly. He clearly knew what kind of lecher Xiao Kuangyun truly was. If he angered her by revealing his perverted nature, the consequences would simply be unthinkable!





Chapter 32 – The Ice Fairy Deterrent


When he heard what Moshan had said, how could Xiao Kuangyun dare be cocky? He rapidly curbed his arrogance and raised his head to speak: “So it’s actually Chu fairy of Frozen Cloud Asgard, this junior’s name is Xiao Kuangyun. To have accidentally encountered you here is this Kuangyun’s great fortune. But, why did Chu fairy decide to personally descend on this little Floating Cloud City today? Could it be that it’s an important matter? Father had always lectured to be extremely courteous if encountering a fairy from Frozen Cloud Asgard. If there is anything I can help you with, Chu fairy should not hesitate to speak.”

After hearing the words “Frozen Cloud Asgard” from Xiao Kuangyun’s mouth, everyone became instantly stunned and a *gulp* sound could be heard coming out of their throats.

This little Floating Cloud City had received the concern of a fairy? Normally, even third-rate Sects held this place beneath their contempt but today, not only had Xiao Sect members come, even Frozen Cloud Asgard had sent people!

It was not surprising that this woman had come forth in such an extraordinary manner, for she had a beauty that was out of this world, and also used the Profound Floating Technique. She was actually a person from Frozen Cloud Asgard, and her status within Frozen Cloud Asgard was not low at all! Otherwise, Xiao Kuangyun, as the Xiao Sect Master’s son, would unlikely go out of his way to be this cautious and polite.

“Why am I come here?” Chu Yueli coldly answered: “You Xiao Sect are even bullying my disciple, don’t tell me that you want me to watch silently and allow you to humiliate her?”

“Your disciple?” Xiao Kuangyun stared blanky for a bit, then afterwards he adopted a frightened look: “Chu fairy, the disciple you are talking about…. could it be…. Xia Qingyue?”

As he said that, Xia Qingyue walked up to Chu Yueli and respectfully said: “Master.”

That one simple word had cause Xiao Kuangyun’s face to fiercely convulse as Xiao Yulong fell into a complete daze. The entire Xiao Clan and the various nobles of Floating Cloud City were all struck dumb, shocked to the point that their hearts had nearly halted.

My heavens! This Xia Clan’s daughter was actually Frozen Cloud Asgard’s disciple! Unexpectedly, a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard had all along been within this Floating Cloud City!!

The faces of those that looked at Xia Qingyue had changed to become incomparably shocked and awed. The gaze of the watching Xia Hongyi had also abruptedly changed.

Xiao Yulong stood there for a long time, and then suddenly broke up into a cold sweat. Xia Qingyue was actually a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard…. Previously, he went as far as attempting to molest her, but had been taught a lesson that had landed him in an awkward situation. His heart still held that resentment, but when he thought about it, coming back alive from that was simply like picking up what’s left of his entire life! To have tried to take liberties with a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard…. how many people in Blue Wind Empire had that kind of courage?

That was nothing compared to how Xiao Che and Xia Qingyue had been forced apart. This was his plan he offered to Xiao Kuangyun, so that Xiao Kuangyun could obtain Xia Qingyue after Xiao Che’s departure, that had miserably failed…. If this were to be found out by Frozen Cloud Asgard, he was practically doomed to die a tragic death.

In his cold sweat, Xiao Yulong looked towards the direction of Xiao Kuangyun’s face that was devoid of color.

“So…. so it turns out that Xia Qingyue was unexpectedly your noble disciple, this…. junior had not been aware of this beforehand, which resulted in this misunderstanding.”

If it was his Xiao Sect’s disciple, Xiao Kuangyun would never let this go. But Frozen Cloud Asgard was different! Those of Frozen Cloud Asgard were not a blood-related sect. Their disciples were all female, selected from the ones with the best aptitude amongst the Blue Wind Empire. As a result, they were the smallest sect out of the Four Major Sects. However, they still ranked second amongst the Four Major Sects, which clearly indicated their extraordinary level of skill. The aptitude of every disciple within Frozen Cloud Asgard was extremely high, and none were mediocre. Each and every one of them received the protection of their Asgard. If he provoked his Xiao Sect’s disciples of a lower position, perhaps it would only be a trivial matter. If he provoked another Sect’s disciples, their death would usually be the common result. But to provoke Frozen Cloud Asgard…. even if it was the lowest level female disciple, the Asgard still wouldn’t yield, still not give a satisfactory answer, and by no means abandon them!

“Misunderstanding? It’s best if it’s only a misunderstanding. Are you still going to continue to tear my disciple’s marriage certificate to shreds?” Chu Yueli asked with an indifferent expression as she swept her gaze downwards and no one dared to meet her gaze, face to face. Although she was just a woman, all the men present felt that she was a fairy of the Moon Palace. As a common man, they were ashamed of their inferiority and felt the gap inbetween; it was fundamentally impossible for them to dare to take more than a single glimpse.

“Since it was a misunderstanding, how could this one dare?” Xiao Kuangyun reasoned calmly: “But, junior is puzzled about one matter…. Although junior may not know many things, it is understood that Frozen Cloud Asgard’s fairies are forbidden to be passionate, and have to suppress their desires. They are never allowed to married, yet why was this Xia Qingyue allowed to…..”

“Hmph! Although my Asgard’s Frozen Cloud Secrets Arts indeed requires self restraint and abstinence, it never forbade disciples to marry. Qingyue joined my Asgard at the age of twelve but had always been reluctant to follow me back to Asgard. It was simply for the wait of marrying Xiao Che at the age of sixteen. It wasn’t out of passion, but merely because of her kindness and commitment. In the face of such heavy righteousness and genuine nature, my Asgard naturally would not prevent this; even if my Asgard prohibited marriage, this may well be the biggest exception. Young Master Xiao, do you have any other questions?” Chu Yueli coldly replied. It was said in a flat voice, and every single letter lingered in one’s ear, laced in ice. It made the heart suffer an uncontrollable chill that didn’t let one dare to have any refutable thoughts.

“No no, this was truly just a misunderstanding.” Xiao Kuangyun hurriedly said. He had no choice but to turn towards Xia Qingyue and say: “Xia fairy, just then, I was unaware that you were a Frozen Cloud Asgard disciple. If you were offended in anyway, please do not take it to heart.”

The status of being Xiao Sect Master’s son was obviously higher than that of a Frozen Cloud Asgard’s disciple, but with Chu Yueli here, he had no option but to know his place. This was an inconspicuously remote place, so there was only Xiao Moshan, Xiao Ba, and Xiao Jiu by his side. If he annoyed Chu Yueli in anyway and made her unhappy, they could be completely be exterminated on their road back home. Afterwards, they would be destroyed without a trace, and could only die in vain.

Before arriving to this dump, how could he possible anticipate the unexpected appearance of a person of status like Chu Yueli?

His desire for a dip of Xia Qingyue pie was now impossible and he had wasted half a day’s worth of planning. In front of Chu Yueli, he had no choice but to hold back what he honestly wanted and his heart stifled in oppression. As his chest heaved, he turned his gaze towards Xiao Lingxi…. Even though Xia Qingyue was already a lost cause, there was another one! Chu Yueli would protect Xia Qingyue but she wouldn’t protect Xiao Lingxi, a stranger! Otherwise, she would have showed up when Xiao Che had been expelled instead of only appearing when the gazes shifted towards Xia Qingyue.

Indeed, in regards to Chu Yueli, she only looked after Xia Qingyue. About other people whom she had no relations with, she simply did not care one bit. Furthermore, she had no reason and even less of an obligation to interfere. “With Chu fairy’s visit, you Xiao Clan could be considered to have been graced with the light of her presence! And so, we ought to begin the business we’re all here for today.” Xia Kuangyun’s complexion changed as his gazed pointed towards Xiao Lingxi: “So now…. Xiao Ba, Xiao Jiu! First, seize the thief who stole the Profound Opening Powder! Tomorrow the offender will be brought back for Xiao Sect to be dealt with!”

The sentence “tomorrow the offender will be brought back for Xiao Sect to deal with!” once more would let the foolish understand the obvious reason behind Xiao Kuangyun’s despicable and shameless staged play. Although this staged accusation had already been exposed by Xiao Che in front of everyone, it was suppressed under the absoluteness of the Xiao Sect, and Xiao Kuangyun simply continued to execute it without delay.

“Yes, Young Master!”

Xiao Ba and Xiao Jiu stepped off the platform at the same time and closed in on Xiao Lingxi.

“Master!” Upon seeing that, Xia Qingyue promptly hinted at Chu Yueli with a meaningful look, hoping that she would help protect Xiao Lingxi…. At the very least, to not let Xiao Kuangyun take her away. However, Chu Yueli remained unaware, and did not respond.

Xia Qingyue’s expression became even more anxious as she wore her plea on her face and said: “Master, you have also seen how Xiao Kuangyun was aiming for me today; Xiao Che was expelled and had to suffer because of our implication. Before leaving, he asked me to protect his grandfather and little aunt. I had already agreed…. Consider this as the last thing I will do for him; after this matter, I will immediately follow Master back to Frozen Cloud Asgard, remain in Asgard, and meditate to cultivate in the ways of the Profound…. I ask Master to fulfill this request!”

Chu Yueli’s eyes brightened and stirred slightly as she let out a soft sigh. She lifted her right hand and gently waved.

In a split second, a current of cold air abruptly appeared. Xiao Ba and Xiao Jiu suddenly felt a chill and stopped in their tracks, not daring to venture any futher.

There was an immediate subtle change in Xiao Kuangyun’s complexion as he took a deep breath: “Chu fairy, what is the meaning of this? Chu fairy had criticized my Xiao Sect’s involvement in your noble disciple’s marriage affair…. Yet when we’re handling my Xiao Sect affair, Chu fairy is still planning to intervene?”

“No! I have no interest in getting involved with your Xiao Sect’s affair.” Chu Yueli said calmly with an indifferent expression that did not waver: “I’m simply somewhat unaccustomed to these matters, and as a result, moved as I pleased. Since you said that this is your Xiao Sect’s affair, then is Xiao Lingxi one of your Xiao Sect’s people?”

Xiao Kuangyun shook his head: “No! What she had stolen was my Xiao Sect’s Profound Opening Powder!”

“But from what I had heard earlier, the Profound Opening Powder was a gift you brought from Xiao Sect that you had already given to Xiao Clan yesterday. What, the gifts you have already given out, still actually belongs to your Xiao Sect? If this affair were to spread out, are you not worried about being ridiculed by others?” Chu Yueli bluntly said without restraint.

Xiao Kuangyun immediately widened his eyes as he became dumbstruck and was left speechless.

“Xiao Lingxi is a person of Xiao Clan, not your Xiao Sect. The Profound Opening Powder has already become Xiao Clan’s possession and does not belong to your Xiao Sect’s anymore. In that case, even if Xiao Lingxi had stolen the Profound Opening Powder, it is also up to Xiao Clan to administer the punishment. This affair has absolutely no relation with your Xiao Sect.”

Chu Yueli inclined her eyes and looked at Xiao Yunhai. It was merely just a gaze, yet it made Xiao Yunhai’s entire body quiver and unconsciously made him shortened his height by half. Chu Yueli lightly continued: “Xiao Clan’s Master, how do you handle a situation where the culprit of a theft was one of your Xiao Clan members?”

Xiao Yunhai glanced at Xiao Kuangyun and clenched his teeth as he was compelled to feign his calmness: “If a child of this Clan was guilty of a theft…. The lightest punishment would be an isolation of three months in the rear mountains…. What Xiao Lingxi had stolen was Xiao Sect’s important treasure, so she ought to be given the heaviest of punishments…. It should be a confinement of fifteen years in the rear mountains. In those fifteen years, she is not allowed to even think about walking half a step beyond the rear mountain’s Reflection Gorge!”

Xiao Yunhai looked away and did not speak any longer.

“Then what are you staring blankly for? You’re not going to shut her inside that Reflection Gorge?” Xiao Kuangyun’s calm and collected face howled in rage! Even though his heart was unwillingly humbled, even if he was more foolish than before, he still understood that Chu Yueli had already preserved a considerably large amount of his reputation. Otherwise, it was possible that she would directly expose his accusations, which at the same time, would make him unable to obtain Xiao Lingxi, lose the greatest amount of face, and publicly embarrass him enough to the point he would be unable to get off the platform.

Although Chu Yueli didn’t publicly expose Xiao Kuangyun to the public and didn’t restore Xiao Lingxi’s innocence, it still made Xiao Lie deeply respect her as his heart filled with gratitude. This dignified Frozen Cloud Seven Fairy was an honorable person of character that took an extra step for a girl of the minor Xiao Clan. This could be considered to be an extreme benevolence, a major favor, and a huge amount of kindness…. At the very least, she had prevented the nightmare of Xiao Kuangyun bringing Xiao Lingxi back to the Xiao Sect.

“The girl I taught had been misdirected and I had deceived the Xiao Clan for more than ten years, so I ought to suffer the same severe punishment.” Xiao Lie’s complexion remained serene and he spoke indifferently as he watched the Fourth Elder Xiao Cheng who walked over.

In Chu Yueli’s presence, how could Xiao Cheng possibly dare be rash? He didn’t dare to speak a single sentence and yielded to the norms of society as he lead Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi towards the direction of the rear mountains.

Although it ultimately ended in a miserable confinement of fifteen years, Xia Qingyue understood that this situation Chu Yueli had accomplished was her absolute limit. It was obvious that Xiao Lie’s spontaneous request to be confined to the Reflection Gorge was to accompany Xiao Lingxi, and at the same time, protect her from harm. Perhaps in the case of safety, there was no need for any worries. As for what would follow, they have no choice but to take care of their own destiny.

“In that case, there is essentially no reason for us master and disciple to stay here any longer.” After Xiao Lingxi and Xiao Lie were brought to the rear mountains, Chu Yueli indifferently spoke: “Young Master Xiao, after you have left Floating Cloud City, I will still be nearby…. Qingyue, let us depart.”

The final words Chu Yueli had said made Xiao Kuangyun secretly clench his teeth…. “After you have left Floating Cloud City, I will still be nearby”. It was obvious that her words warned him to not mess with Xiao Lingxi! Although she simply said it for Xiao Lingxi’s safety, since she wanted to protect her, it was inevitable that this protection will last until the very end.

After Chu Yueli left with Xia Qingyue, Xiao Kuangyun heavily punched and ruthlessly smashed the seat’s handle. The grandmaster chair vibrated in shock and broken down into wooden pieces. He was under the impression that he would obtain two beauties who were devastatingly beautiful enough to cause the downfall of either a city or a state, and didn’t expect this scheme to actually become a wasted effort. The result was merely the expulsion of an insignificant nobody and the confinement of two people within the Xiao Clan, to nothing more than a Reflection Gorge. It was absolutely, completely, and fundamentally different from the outcome he had desired!

At this moment, he wasn’t aware of the fact that he had not only failed to obtain what he wanted, but instead brought a disaster, similar to that of a drowning, upon him and the entire Xiao Sect!





Chapter 33 – Star Concealed, For the Hated Blood Sacrifice


The outskirts of Floating Cloud City, in the corner of an abandoned house.

Xiao Che sat there quietly and laid his powerless body against the cold wall behind him. His lifelessly glazed eyes stared into space, as if his soul had already left his body. He had remained in this position for quite a few hours now.

In the Azure Cloud Continent, he was abandoned by his parents and until his death, he never knew who his birth parents were. The only connection he had with them was the pendant he always carried with him in front of his chest.

In the Blue Wind Empire, both his parents died when he was young but at least he knew who his parents were, and what were they called. He even had a grandfather, and a little aunt… However, god decided to pull another cruel joke on him. Everything was unexpectedly, all fake.

Grandfather was not his real grandfather and little aunt was also not his little aunt…

He still did not know who his real parents were, and didn’t even have a clue as to what his own surname was.

Two lifetimes of experiences had widened his frame of mind, but like before, he still was unable to accept this short and sudden awareness of not actually knowing his roots, and where he came from.

Who exactly am I… and, where should I go next?

The expulsion from Xiao Clan meant that he would never be able to set foot in Xiao Clan and take another step inside. In his heart, he very clearly knew that not only was he unable to stay any longer in the Xiao Clan, he also was incapable of staying in Floating Cloud City. The only reason he had not left was because he was worried about grandfather and little aunt; he at least wanted to confirm their safety.

Time slowly flowed from morning to noon, and once more until the sky slowly, but finally, darkened.

Having not eaten for an entire day, Xiao Che still did not have the slightest feeling of hunger. When the sun had taken back its last ray of light and completely set, Xiao Che finally raised his head slightly, as the once lifeless eyes slowly condensed into a terrifying radiance, as if belonging to that of an evil spirit. All of a sudden, he started to laugh silently, the corners of his lip curled up as he laughed in a sinister manner, similar to that of an evil spirit from hell.

In the middle of his chilling laugh, he slowly stretched out his hand and a blade of a dark green grass appeared on top of his palm… It was indeed one of the Star Concealing Grass he had found in the rear mountain on the day he had married Xia Qingyue. As he stared at the Star Concealing Grass, a dark green glow suddenly shot out from his palm, enveloping the Star Concealing Grass within it. Under the dark green glow, the Star Concealing Grass started to twist and turn strangely, shrink, and change color… Then finally, it became a small pile of dark green powder.

Xiao Che blew gently and scattered all the dark green powder. Only a transparent pearl that had unknowingly appeared was left in his palm.

This was the Sky Poison Pearl’s most core, and also most absurd ability that opposed the heavens themselves… Herb Refinement!

In order to create medicine, a diverse amount of herbs are often required to be crushed, processed, fused, added profound energy for additional effects, etc. This process was not only complicated but would also, unavoidably, cause a certain amount of medicinal force to be lost. Furthermore, it was certain that there would always be a probability of failure. Especially when it comes to high grade medicine, not only was a huge amount of gold needed to purchase the rare ingredients, the chances of failure was extremely high as well and, once you fail, everything would be gone. In addition, not everyone had the ability to make the higher grades of medicine. There was a very high requirement for the ability of the alchemist, the cauldron, the ambiance, and the effects added using profound energy.

However, if one used the Sky Poison Pearl’s Herb Refinement, there was absolutely no need to worry about all this. This is because it could rapidly refine the most important part of the ingredient within the shortest time possible, and perfectly fuse it…The whole process would not waste any medicinal force and furthermore, there was no chance of failure! As for the unused parts, they would be disposed of by the Sky Poison Pearl. After recognizing its owner, it could even follow the thoughts of the owner to refine and fuse a certain percentage of the ingredients.

This terrifying ability was sufficient to make any human being in the world to go mad over it! At that time, the reason why every top notch clan in the Azure Cloud Continent chased after his life was not because of the poisonous ability of the Sky Poison Pearl, but was because of its terrifying and ridiculous refining and fusing ability!

As long as there was suitable and sufficient ingredients, through the Sky Poison Pearl, it would safely become the most perfect of medicines in the shortest amount of time.

If the ability of the Sky Poison Pearl were to spread in the Profound Sky Continent, it would certainly raise a commotion and the amount of people chasing after Xiao Che’s life would not be any less compared to that of the Azure Cloud Continent.

Looking at the transparent pearl in his hand, Xiao Che’s smile became even more sinister. He opened his mouth, placed it inside, and directly swallowed it. Subsequently, his body suddenly trembled and slowly disappeared in place…. As if it had suddenly evaporated.

[Star Concealing Pill] : Only requires a blade of Star Concealing Grass for a successful Herb Refinement. Once consumed, [Perfect Invisibility] would be activated for 3 hours. Regardless of body, sound, smell, and objects on the body, it would all be completely concealed!

The Star Concealing Grass was an inconceivable object. But the Star Concealing Pill that was created from it, was even more unfathomable to the extreme! Because what it bestowed exceeded the common sense of human knowledge in the Profound Sky Continent, so much that no one would ever dare to imagine the miraculous effect it would bring. Xiao Che completely believed that he had used the very first Star Concealing Pill in the entire Profound Sky Continent because in this world, the only ingredient for the Star Concealing Pill was the Star Concealing Grass, and the only thing that could refine the Star Concealing Grass, was the one and only, Sky Poison Pearl.

Xiao Che stood up and walked toward the Xiao Clan without shape, sound and smell.

The sky had already darken and the lamps inside Xiao Clan lit the way.

Xiao Che stepped through the gate of Xiao Clan and casually walked in a straight line, without the least bit of cautiousness in his posture. As the disciples of the Xiao Clan walked passed him, no one took a glance in his direction. After consuming the Star Concealing Pill, the concealment attained was said to be perfect, because not only did it make the body transparent, even the external and internal presence would be completely concealed, as if one was completely hidden in a crevice of an unseen space. When he had first used the Star Concealing Pill at the time in Azure Cloud Continent, even a clan master that ranked in the top ten of the continent could not even discover him when he was within ten steps.

Before this journey, Xiao Che’s complexion was incomparably tranquil. On the road, he had heard the whispers of many. He became aware of Xia Qingyue being lead away by her master, as well as Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi’s imprisonment in the rear mountains…. An isolation of an entire fifteen years.

The conclusion of today’s general assembly of the Xiao Clan resulted in the very clear and final selection of Xiao Yulong, who would accompany Xiao Kuangyun’s group of four towards the Xiao Sect the very next day.

When he arrived at the Guest Hall, Xiao Che halted in his footsteps as he silently listened in to the conversation inside.

“Yulong, about tomorrow’s departure with Young Master Xiao to Xiao Sect, you must always remember Young Master Xiao’s kindness of rebirth today!”

“That is only natural, Xiao Yulong would remember Young Master Xiao’s great favor and huge kindness…. Yulong once more offers Young Master Xiao three cups….”

“…. Xiao Yulong, although today’s matter had failed, the blame was not yours. Who would have imagined that Xia Qingyue was actually a disciple of Frozen Cloud Asgard? Your character is actually one that I like, so as long as you are properly obedient in Xiao Sect, I will not treat you unfairly.”

“Thank…. thank you Young Master Xiao! Young Master Xiao, you are truly my life’s greatest nobility. Yulong will certainly be loyal and true to Young Master Xiao, and would never be disloyal…. I didn’t foresee Xia Qingyue’s matter…. but my plan to frame Xiao Lingxi…. Eep, is not entirely a wasted effort. Although Young Master Xiao cannot touch her because of the nearby Chu Yueli, Young Master Xiao can just find a reason to return here after a year or so. How could Xiao Lingxi possibly escape then…. hehehehe….”

………………

Xiao Yulong’s tone of voice had become somewhat careless, and it was apparent that he had already become intoxicated. As Xiao Che was listening in, his complexion became more and more cold as the fingers in both hands rigidly tightened. Afterwards, he turned to leave in the direction of the East Courtyard. As he came out of the East Courtyard, there was an additional short dagger in his hands that came from who knows where. Then, he once again moved towards the direction of the North Courtyard.

North Courtyard’s number 11 was Xiao Yulong’s courtyard, and at the moment, there wasn’t a single soul in sight. Xiao Che pushed opened the doorway and entered. In the middle of the room, he took a quick look at its layout. Afterwards, he coldly laughed and walked towards the window directly in front of him. As he lifted the short blade, he stabbed the middle of the window and then pulled out the dagger. The above-mentioned window suddenly grew an additional fist-sized hole.

Then, Xiao Che just stood still to the side and quietly waited for Xiao Yulong to arrive.

He did not have to wait for long, for the echo of the sound of movement came half an hour later. Subsequently, the room’s door was pushed opened and a Xiao Yulong who stunk of the thick smell of wine swayed inside with the support of Xiao Yang.

“Boss, when you enter Xiao Sect, you mustn’t forget these years of this little brother, who was always at your beck and call.” Xiao Yang fawned as he lifted Xiao Yulong onto the bed.

Even if he were to die, he would still never have thought that at this moment, there was a person two steps left of where he currently stood; who soundlessly, motionlessly, and coldly watched him.

“Oh….. huu….”

Xiao Yulong was drunk to the point of unconsciousness as he fell directly onto the bed and vaguely responded with two sounds that were only made because he had groaned.

Xiao Che walked in front of Xiao Yulong’s bed and slowly raised the short dagger in his hands.

In a head-on confrontation, he was obviously not a match for Xiao Yulong. Even with the support of the Star Concealing Grass, there was no certainty that he would be able to kill Xiao Yulong. This was because even if one were to be completely defenseless, in the event of an attack, the body’s profound energy would conditionally release and protect itself. His body that fundamentally had no profound energy, and the ordinary dagger he held in his hand may not necessarily pierce through Xiao Yulong’s body, that had a profound strength of the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm.

The concealing ability of the Star Concealing Pill was not entirely invincible. During the period of invisibility, if someone were to come into contact with the concealed body, the invisibility would immediately be cancelled. If he had missed his attack and instead were to be touched by the opponent, he would completely get caught in a predicament… and result may even end in death.

However, at the moment, Xiao Yulong was dead drunk, so thus it was the perfect opportunity.

He took a look at the location of the hole he had poked in the window earlier, and after making sure of the position, he narrowed his eyes as the dagger in his hand suddenly dropped down. He used the strength in his entire body to ruthlessly thrust the left side of Xiao Yulong’s dantian, a place two inches below the navel.… In the instant it pierced through, he instantly jumped backwards and stood in the corner of the room.

That one stab could have directly severed Xiao Yulong’s throat and taken his life, but yet he choose not to do so.

How could he bear to let Xiao Yulong die, if he died so simply? How could that possibly release the hatred inside his heart?

He wanted to thoroughly crush Xiao Yulong’s beautiful dream; to let him experience a fall from heaven down to hell, and to let him wish that he would be better off dead!

The fun show, had only just begun.





Chapter 34 – Star Concealed, for the Hated Blood Sacrifice (2)


“AHHHHHHHH!!!!”

A vast amount of blood blossomed out as Xiao Yulong’s lower abdomen bursted open. The previously intoxicated Xiao Yulong let out a sound similar to that of a dying pig as he fell off the bed, both hands covering his stomach as he rolled around on the floor in pain.

The door was suddenly flung open and a Xiao Yang who wasn’t all that far away, rushed back in after hearing the scream. When he saw the situation before his eyes, his complexion paled and his hands trembled in panic: “B…. Boss!”

He wanted to help Xiao Yulong, but he didn’t dare to touch him without permission. After his initial burst of panic, he rapidly dashed outside and quickly roared: “Clan Master…. Clan Master! Xiao Yulong…. Xiao Yulong has been attacked by an assassin… Clan Master!!”

Under the night sky, Xiao Yang’s voice traveled a considerable distance and made the originally very quiet Xiao Clan suddenly become extremely chaotic. As he watched the crying Xiao Yulong on the floor, Xiao Che coldly laughed, pushed open the door and leisurely walked out.

It wasn’t long until Xiao Yunhai, Xiao Gu, and several elders immediately rushed in. After seeing the dagger stabbed in the abdomen and the blood gushing out of Xiao Yulong’s body, Xiao Yunhai was suddenly at a loss. He stumbled in the middle of rushing over. “Yulong…. Yulong!!”

Xiao Yulong’s consciousness did not fade at all. The previous drunk was completely awake as he reached out his hand to grab onto Xiao Yunhai’s sleeve, and let out a weak sound of suffering: “Fa…. ther….”

“Hurry! Hurry and lift him onto the bed!” Xiao Gu said as he quickly opened his medicine chest. The faces of the few elders who followed in closely behind them were full of complete astonishment…. Who? Who did this!!!

After Xiao Yulong was lifted up on the bed and laid down, Xiao Yunhai and the First Elder used profound energy to staunch his bleeding wound. Xiao Yunhai’s complexion distorted as he asked:

“Xiao Gu, how’s the situation?”

Xiao Gu’s eyebrows were tense from the very beginning. When he heard Xiao Yunhai’s question, he took a long, deep sigh: “There is no major danger to his life. The assassin was clearly not aiming for his life, but this cut…. is truly malicious. It just so happened that the stab pierced right in the middle of the Profound Vein’s Profound Heart. In turn, this stab to the Profound Vein is like the puncturing of a balloon. Not only is the Profound Vein damaged, all of the profound energy has also leaked out.

“Wh…. at!?”

When Xiao Yunhai heard that “all the profound energy has also leaked out”, it was like a clap of thunder that instantly changed his complexion into a pale white. He compelled himself to remain calm and asked with a trace of hope: “Then…. how long will it take to recover?”

Xiao Gu shook his head: “It is a profound energy leakage that had already been depleted. This is fundamentally impossible to recover from. But fortunately, his profound vein injury could be repaired and after repairment, it is possible to once more…. train from the beginning.”

Xiao Yunhai’s body abruptly twitched as Xiao Yulong’s complexion became completely covered in despair.

This cut didn’t want Xiao Yulong’s life, but instead crippled his entire profound strength!

Like a meat pie that had fallen from the heavens, Xiao Clan had finally gotten an opportunity to enter the Xiao Sect. Xiao Yulong took great pains to grab this extremely rare opportunity, to at last be able to soar into the skies. Yet on the eve of this beautiful dream that was about to be happen, his entire profound strength had been completely destroyed…. Even if they had to use their toes as collateral, they knew that it was impossible for Xiao Kuangyun to bring back a waste with a damaged profound vein back to Xiao Sect!

“Who… who the hell…. could be that malicious!! Who!!!”

Xiao Yunhai’s entire body trembled as his complexion became ashen. Originally, he thought that Xiao Yulong’s immediate departure to the Xiao Sect was an extraordinary happy event. He even thought of making himself available in the afternoon, and was so impatient about this that he had already prepared Xiao Yulong’s travelling clothes for tomorrow. Unexpectedly, before even walking two steps towards heaven, he had suddenly dropped back down to hell.

“Clan Master, you must calm down first! Yulong is still conscious right now, so he may know who did this evil act.” Xiao Li said with a dark face.

Xiao Yunhai woke up from his trance and quickly came over to Xiao Yulong’s side. In a grave voice, he asked: “Yulong! Did you see who stabbed you!”

At this moment, Xiao Yulong’s abdomen had already been wrapped with layers of bandages by Xiao Gu, so his injury had been temporarily stabilized. He shook his head and painfully answered: “Don’t know…. I didn’t see anyone at all….”

“Didn’t see anyone at all?” Xiao Yunhai’s widened his eyes. Then, Xiao Cheng’s gaze suddenly flashed and spoke in alarm: “Quick, look over there, at that window!”

Shockingly enough, on the diagonally opposite window, there was an additional fist-sized hole. Xiao Yunhai placed his hands on top of it and his entire body revealed his murderous intent.

“It’s quite evident that someone had been hiding behind this window, waited until Yulong came in, took advantage of his drunkness, and used this dagger to injure Yulong!” Xiao Li cautiously spoke: “This courtyard is situated at the very center of the Xiao Clan territory yet someone actually infiltrated and pulled off such a quiet assassination…. This person must be extremely familiar with our Xiao Clan, or this may even be the actions of our Xiao Clan members!!”

After he finished speaking, Xiao Li’s eyes inadvertently glanced at the respective Xiao Bo, Xiao Ze, and Xiao Cheng.

Xiao Li’s reasoning fiercely shook Xiao Yunhai’s heart…. In Floating Cloud City, the Xiao Clan was considered to be one of the top clans who practiced in the Profound. Regardless of the degree of difficulty, to infiltrate the Xiao Clan and assassinate the Clan Master’s son was an extremely large risk. And in terms of outer appearance, Xiao Yulong was usually courteous, with an excellent reputation. Who, and for what reason, would assassinate him?

If the assassin was actually a person of the Xiao Clan, then it all of a sudden became easier to explain!!

If this was done by the Xiao Clan’s members, the “infiltration” would become incomparably easier, and would also easily grasp this fortunate timing of when Xiao Yulong would become drunk. As for the reason…. that was naturally their jealousy of Xiao Yulong’s departure to Xiao Sect! If crippled or killed, the Xiao Sect would then select another person! The assassin would also have that opportunity!

As he thought about it, Xiao Yunhai’s heart chilled and his vigilance sharpened…. because the Second Elder, Third Elder, and Fourth Elder by his side were the biggest suspects! They all dreamed for their own grandson to be sent to the Xiao Sect! Faced with this rare opportunity that came from the Xiao Sect members, it wouldn’t be strange if they did such a crazy and ridiculous thing.

“Xiao Gu, how is Yulong’s injury now?” Xiao Yunhai said as he gritted his teeth to keep calm.

“The wound has already stopped bleeding and the medicine has been applied. There is no immediate danger. Based on Yulong’s current condition, it should take almost half a month to completely heal. But on the topic of repairing his profound vein, that may even take several months. At that time, the training of profound strength must also start anew.” Xiao Gu answered truthfully.

At this moment, a panicked yell suddenly came from outside the door like the sound of thunder: “F…. Fire!! Fire!! The infirmary and the Southern Courtyard…. are both on fire!!”

“WHAT!!!”

Xiao Gu ferociously turned around and ran outside in a way that seemed like he had no care for his life. The infirmary stored a countless number of herbs and remedies; they were like his life to him. Xiao Yunhai and the others were also startled, because the Southern Courtyard was precisely the very place where the Clan Master and Elders resided!

The four Elders did not speak anymore and immediately rushed out wildly. Xiao Yunhai slightly hesitated behind them and anxiously faced Xiao Yulong: “Yulong, your wound is no longer life-threatening. Take a good rest and don’t think about anything else. I will definitely arrest the culprit of your assassination as soon as possible!!”

After saying that, Xiao Yunhai also quickly ran out the door, and beelined straight for the Southern Courtyard. That place housed the important possessions he had accumulated throughout his entire life. Now that he’d heard it was on fire, if he didn’t personally go over there, how could he possibly feel at ease?

Xiao Yulong was suddenly left alone in his room. With his profound vein damaged and a serious injury, Xiao Yulong motionlessly laid in place…. Don’t even mention moving his body, his entire body was so weak that he was incapable of even lifting the smallest of fingers. He blanky stared at the ceiling as his vision dimmed. He sincerely hoped that what had happened was only just a nightmare….

Tap, tap, tap….

There obviously should not be anyone here, but the sound of muffled footsteps entered Xiao Yulong’s ears. This sound made his hair stand on end as he inclined his head towards its source…. He saw an approaching figure walk closer…. An individual who should never have shown up here….

“Xiao…. Che!?” Seeing a person emerge like some sort of ghost, both of Xiao Yulong’s eyes widened in disbelief as if he could hardly believe what he had seen. He had obviously been expelled from the Xiao Clan, and was forbidden to enter again…. how could he possibly appear here?

In the middle of the three hour “Star Concealed” state, unless it had been removed by an external force, Xiao Che could freely cancel and reactivate the concealed state; until the three hours ended. He stood in front of Xiao Yulong’s bed and coldly looked at him: “Xiao Yulong, you appear to be extremely surprised.”

“How…. How could you…. possibly be here!!” Xiao Yulong said in an evasive hoarse voice. He struggled to lift his body to a sitting position but could barely lift his half his arm, so he completely softened, and laid back down.

“How could I possibly be here?” Xiao Che smiled. It was an easy-going smile, in the eyes of the reclining Xiao Yulong, but he detected an odd awe-inspiring sensation from his body to his mind. He slowly picked up the dagger that Xiao Gu pulled out from Xiao Yulong and pointed it at Xiao Yulong: “Of course, I’ve come to collect your debt.”

“Collect debt? What debt? Do you even know what you’re doing!” Xiao Yulong’s body spasmed as his eyes suddenly contracted in alarm: “The one who tried to assassinate me, was you? No…. Impossible! Impossible!!”

“You actually have the face to even ask me what debt I’m to collect!” The smile on Xiao Che’s face faded away, replaced by a demon’s malevolence as his facial features twisted into a terrifying expression. The hand that held the dagger trembled slightly, as he revealed his endless killing intent and resentment that he had always held back….

“On the day of my wedding, you tried to used the Murdering Heart Powder to kill me! If it weren’t for the protection of my fate, I would have already been a dead man!!”

“For your possible soaring success, you fawned over Xiao Kuangyun, didn’t hesitate to falsely frame my little aunt, forced me and Xia Qingyue apart, and even caused my expulsion…. Hmph, my expulsion was nothing much. If it wasn’t for Xia Qingyue being a Frozen Cloud Asgard disciple and her master being nearby, Xia Qingyue would be doomed! My little aunt would also have to bear the injustice of being brought back to the Xiao Sect and suffer all kinds of humiliation! My grandfather would suffer the bitterness of being alone and spend his entire life harboring a grudge….”

“Xiao Yulong… tell me… what kind of debt ought I demand from you!!!!”

“How should I treat you, to let you pay off this debt!!

In his roar of resentment, Xiao Che raised the dagger and suddenly stabbed in Xiao Yulong’s direction.

“ST…. STOP!! AHHHHHH!!!!”

The flashing dagger streaked towards Xiao Yulong’s legs and blood spurted in all directions as the tendons on both his legs were mercilessly severed.

Xiao Yulong let out a wretched howl that would usually take place in a bloodbath, and the hellish stab became even more acute as he convulsed in pain. As he watched him suffer, Xiao Che’s face filled with elation; he once more lifted the recently stabbing dagger, and with a low growl, abruptly chopped at both hands. Two blood splattering sprays later, the tendons in both of Xiao Yulong’s hands were also viciously severed.

“AHHH AHHH AHHH!!!!”

Xiao Yulong’s blood-curdling screech was like that of an evil spirit’s shrill howl. With the four limbs on his body drenched in blood, his entire person entered and fell into a painful and dreadful abyss. He didn’t expect that the usually weak and self-abased Xiao Che would actually want to kill him, and in such a cruel and vicious way.

“N…. No…. Spare me…. Spare me…. I don’t want to die…. Don’t want to die….”

Xiao Yulong’s complexion had already become as pale as paper and the pain and fear in both his eyes had magnified by more than ten. Xiao Che again raised the knife and cruelly laughed: “Die? No, don’t you worry, I won’t let you die…. Why would I be willing! To let you die that quickly and painlessly!

“With this cut, I want your eyes to never see again!!!”

Chi chi!!

The two rapid stabs swiftly penetrated Xiao Yulong’s pair of eyes, and turned his two wide eyeballs directly into a kind of black and white paste.

“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!”

This miserable shriek that sounded like it had come from the depths of hell was extremely tragic, so much that it would make the bodies of those who had heard it tremble, and the scalp on their heads, numb. Yet Xiao Che’s entire face actually smiled with glee, as if hearing music from the heavens. He pulled the dagger out, narrowed his eyes, and spoke with a faint smile: “Tut tut, what a sonorous cry. Enjoy your voice now while you still can, because afterwards…. you may no longer send out such a pleasant sound again.”

Rip!!

“With this cut, I want you to never speak with your mouth in this lifetime!!!”

The dagger mercilessly pierced into the center of Xiao Yulong’s mouth. As it was pulled out, a chunk of bloody red tongue and several tens of teeth flew out together.

“With this cut, I want you to never hear with your ears in this lifetime!

Chi!!!

The dagger flashed forward as the color of bright blood fluttered about. Xiao Yulong’s ears flew off his person and sprinkled blood as they fell onto the icy cold floor .

“With this cut, I want you to…. die without descendants!! You’re the sort of despicable person who’s unworthy of having such a future!!”

The bloody dagger dyed in red was raised, slanted downwards, and ruthlessly pierced through Xiao Yulong’s groin area….

“EEEEAAAAAH……..”

Xiao Yulong’s body became rigidly stiff, and even his extremely hoarse cry also slowly quieted down….





Chapter 35 – Birth Secret


The beginning of the fires in the infirmary and Southern Courtyard were exceptionally strange. It was obviously a malicious arson, but the people in the vicinity unexpectedly didn’t even see a single suspicious shadow. Even the Xiao Clan guard who stood outside the infirmary door had not seen anyone enter or exit the infirmary.

But fortunately, the fire wasn’t too violent and was easily controlled. Xiao Yunhai quickly put it in order, and afterwards burned in anxiety as he yelled at Xiao Gu. He then once more hurriedly returned to Xiao Yulong’s little courtyard.

As he pushed open the door, Xiao Yunhai was about to shout Xiao Yulong’s name but instead, his entire body stilled, as if he had been struck by lightning. He had on a foolish expression as he blankly stood in place.

Xiao Yulong was no longer on top of the bed, but instead was trembling as he laid on his stomach, on the floor, like a dead dog. His entire body was covered in blood; both pairs of his wrists and ankles had the same thick scars, while his hands and feet were thoroughly twisted. His entire face was pasted with blood; on both sides of his ears, what remained were only two piles of flesh.. His nose and upper lip had entirely disappeared, as if they had went missing and he foamed bloody bubbles at the mouth. A stream of red, white, and black liquid alternatively followed one another from the middle of both his pitch-black eye sockets…. His lower body was even more completely covered in a bright scarlet red dye.

Xiao Gu’s entire body trembled until both his legs half-kneeled limply onto the floor. Throughout his entire medical career, he’d seen numerous amounts of major to minor injuries but had never seen such a cruel, bloody, and extremely tragic scene. As he looked at Xiao Yulong’s complexion, he could tell that Xiao Yulong was not dead…. and his lifespan had not weakened one bit… but this kind of horrifying condition was a hundred, a thousand times, more miserable than death.

Xiao Yunhai’s whole body trembled, as his heart shattered into pieces and his complexion became as white as death. As he felt someone getting closer, Xiao Yulong’s body twitched and a sandpaper-like coarse and hopeless whine was let out of his mouth that foamed with bloody bubbles.

Xiao Yunhai’s body flashed forward as he staggeringly advanced a step. He suddenly bellowed wildly, as if he was insane: “WHO IS IT!!! WHO IS IT!! WHO IS IT!!!”

“Get your ass out here right now! I want to hack you into a thousand pieces of mincemeat!! And suffer the death of a thousand lingering cuts!! To die without descendants!!”

Xiao Yuhai’s snarl contained an endless amount of resentment and madness that it seemed as if he’d suddenly become mad. He felt as if his chest had almost exploded, and that his blood vessels had ruptured. When he looked at his son’s completely crippled body lying face down on the ground, that didn’t seem to resemble anything human, he couldn’t bear it anymore and hated that he couldn’t loudly cry out forever. He furthermore hated the fact that he couldn’t genuinely become insane!

“Who! Who the hell did this! Get your ass out here right now!! Get your …. AHHHHH!!!!!”

Xiao Yunhai swiftly dashed two steps forward and completely shattered the rear window with his incomparably loud and mournful roar. At this moment, he unexpectedly discovered two rows of blood red characters on the wall beside his hand…. the characters were written using his son Xiao Yulong’s blood.

“Old piece of Xiao shit! This special present is to celebrate your b*tch ass son’s immediate ascension into the Xiao Sect. Please kindly accept it.”

“UUAAAAAAH!!”

Xiao Yunhai ferociously punched against the bloody characters written on the wall and split it open with a loud bang. His mournfully loud howl made a sudden arrow-like jet of blood spurt out of his mouth. After that, both his eyes rolled up as he heavily collapsed invertedly on the ground.

————————

After the tyrannical bullying of Xiao Yulong, Xiao Che returned to his own room to put the clothing that Xiao Lingxi had made for him and all his personal savings into the Sky Poison Pearl. His savings were only meager, altogether, a total of 1800 yellow profound coins.

Before leaving, he suddenly hesitated, and then also put the blanket that he and Xia Qingyue had slept under, into the Sky Poison Pearl.

“Sixteen years of living in this place…. In the future, it should be improbable that I’ll return a second time.”

Xiao Che had a sense of nostalgia as he looked around for a while…. his nostalgia was certainly not because of the Xiao Clan, but was instead because of the many memories of him and Xiao Lingxi in here. Before he turned eleven, this place was not only his room but was also Xiao Lingxi’s room. In those days, whether it was day or night, they were inseparable and were almost always together at all times.

After temporarily staying there for a quite a while, Xiao Che finally returned to the concealed state, climbed over the wall, and entered the rear mountain area.

The deadline of the Star Concealing Pill still had more than an hour left. The main reason why he used the Star Concealing Pill was to see Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi, to confirm their safety. A mere Xiao Yulong was unworthy of wasting a Star Concealing Pill. Although he had suddenly found two blades of Star Concealing Grass on the first day of his rebirth, he was certain that the Star Concealing Grass was a heavenly rare item, and in the entire Sky Profound Continent, its total may not necessarily exceed ten.

Torturing Xiao Yulong was only a convenience. It was only an interest for himself, even more for all of the hardships his grandfather and little aunt had suffered…. Just a little interest!!

The one he really wanted to kill was Xiao Kuangyun! However, even with the mystical power he had borrowed from the Star Concealing Grass, there was no way he could kill Xiao Kuangyun. Although he didn’t know the level of Xiao Kuangyun’s profound strength, despite being an idiot, Xiao Kuangyun was nonetheless from Xiao Sect, so his profound strength should be way higher than Xiao Yulong by many levels.

However even if he couldn’t do it now, he one day he would be able to.… This debt, he swore to demand it back a thousand folds!! He was no longer the weak and cowardly Xiao Che, the one taking a larger percentage of his will was the Yun Che that had looked down on everyone! After his master was hounded to death, he had sworn to bury all the clans involved, together with his master! As for those who had hurt his kin, he swore he would make Xiao Clan and Xiao Kuangyun, regret it for the rest of their lives.

The way he had tortured Xiao Yulong was incomparably brutal, so much that it would send shivers and continuous nightmares to many if they had witnessed it. However in his eyes, that was by no means cruel, but just the price one had to pay for going against him!!

By now, Xiao Clan was in a disarray and the piercing sounds of the alarms had been ringing non stop for a long time. This was exactly what Xiao Che had wanted… Other than torturing Xiao Yulong, setting Xiao Clan’s inner halls on fire was another reason that forced the Xiao Clan to issue the Clan Gathering Order… Under the Clan Gathering Order, all people guarding the rear mountains must also return as well.

As he had expected, he didn’t have to go far to see four Xiao Clan members impatiently charge straight ahead. Like the wind, they rushed past him, making a beeline in the general direction of the Xiao Clan.

Xiao Che sped up his footsteps and went straight towards rear mountain’s Reflection Gorge.

The Reflection Gorge was a tightly closed area that the Xiao Clan used in order to punish offenders within their clan. The interior was dark and humid; in the summer, it was parching hot and in the winter, it was as cold as ice. Fortunately, because of it’s narrow entrance, it was unlikely that an excessively violent Profound beast would intrude inside.

In Xiao Che’s memory, there weren’t many people who had been imprisoned in the Reflection Gorge and the longest period of imprisonment also was never more than two months. However, even when the members of Xiao Clan knew that Xiao Lingxi was framed, they still wanted to lock them up for fifteen years….

Fifteen years… How many fifteen years could one possibly have in this lifetime? As of now Xiao Lingxi was only fifteen years old. If she was always locked up inside, then the most beautiful period of her life would just be spent under this dark and cold loneliness… That was the actually cruel torture.

As he removed his concealed state, Xiao Che stared at the entrance of Reflection Gorge and clenched both of his hands tightly… How could he possibly allow grandfather and little aunt to continuously be locked up in this place… However, the him now, fundamentally did not have the ability to rescue them. He had no other choice to look on helplessly, endure, and hate…

Taking a deep breath, Xiao Che walked forward. Without his concealment, his advance naturally created the sound of footsteps. The sound of his footsteps aroused the attention of Xiao Lie in the Reflection Gorge who automatically looked outside in alert. The moment his gaze met with Xiao Che, he suddenly became startled and involuntarily cried out: “Che’er!!”

“Ah!”

A young girl startled voice also rang out, followed by flurry of rapid footsteps. The silhouette of Xiao Lingxi soon appeared beside Xiao Che; her complexion was slightly haggard and her hair was somewhat messy. After seeing Xiao Che, she covered her lips with her fingers and stood there in place. A split second later, huge amounts of teardrops began to well up in her eyes…

“Little Che!” As she shouted, she ferociously dashed forward and threw herself at Xiao Che’s chest. She used both her arms to tightly embrace him and cried out loudly. She was under the impression that since she was about to be imprisoned for fifteen years, and that since Xiao Che had been expelled from Xiao Clan, she would never again see him until at least fifteen years. She didn’t expect him to suddenly appear before her eyes, as if he was just an illusion.

Xiao Lie walked over and across his entire face was an emotionally stirred up expression: “Che’er…. How …. How are you here? Did the Xiao Clan allow you to return?”

Xiao Che shook his head and patted Xiao Lingxi on the back: “I secretly snuck back…. But rest assured grandfather, something major has happened in Xiao Clan so everyone had all been called to return. No one will discover me.”

“…..” Xiao Lie nodded. He didn’t even bother to ask what was happening to Xiao Clan. He had entrely given up on the Xiao Clan, so even if the Xiao Clan was being wiped out, there wouldn’t be a major change in his expression.

There were many caves in Reflection Gorge that were either deep or shallow. The decoration inside was extremely simple, and only a few cold stone tables could be seen with just a glance. Xiao Lingxi’s cry went into a state of chaos, Xiao Che didn’t stop her from continuous cry. He wanted her to release all her grievances, fears, anxiousness, and hesitation to her heart’s content; otherwise she may possibly fall into depression since she had stayed in here for quite a long time… After all, she was still only a small fifteen year old girl.

When Xiao Lingxi finally stopped, she had wept so hard that she was almost on the verge of fainting.

Xiao Che sat facing Xiao Lie in front of the stone table. Next to him, Xiao Lingxi’s hands both held tightly and clung onto his arms as her small head leaned against his shoulder. She didn’t care that Xiao Che was also next to them and wasn’t willing to loosen her grip, as if afraid that he would yet again disappear from her world.

“After you’ve been imprisoned in here, did they do anything to you guys?” Xiao Che anxiously asked.

Xiao Lie shook his head and comfortably laughed: “Be at ease. The Frozen Cloud Asgard’s Chu fairy hinted that she would protect us to the Xiao Sect before she had departed. With the backing of this powerful force, how could they dare to injure me or Xi’er? After the Xiao Sect members leave, they would even more not dare to; after all, I do have the reputation of being Floating Cloud City’s number one expert here, heh heh.”

“That’s good.” Xiao Che nodded, as his heart felt a bit more grateful to Xia Qingyue’s master.

Xia Qingyue is a good wife; to the very end, she did not tear up the marriage certificate.” Xiao Lie said with a somewhat melancholy expression.

“……” Xiao Che silently nodded his head.

A period of sudden silence descended upon the three. After going through the calamities that had came today, their fate had undoubtedly turned upside down. Although they had a thousand words to say in their hearts, they didn’t exactly know where to start….

“Grandfather, I want to know….”

“You want to ask who your biological parents were, right?” Xiao Lie said as he immediately continued the sentence with a tranquil expression on his face.

“En,” Xiao Che nodded as his eyes solidly concentrated at Xiao Lie: “ I believe I wasn’t randomly picked up without good cause…. Grandfather, you do know something, right?”

Xiao Lingxi also raised her eyes as she stared in astonishment at Xiao Lie.

Xiao Lie silently watched Xiao Che for a long time until he lightly sighed, and slowly closed his eyes.

“I had originally thought that this secret would stay in my heart for an entire lifetime, and that a second person would never know of it…. Now that Xiao Clan cannot tolerate you, and that you have already grown up, knowing this could be considered a good thing; finding one’s original roots, is also the role of the offspring.”

“Your biological father; his surname is Yun….”





Chapter 36 – My Name’s Yun Che


Yun? Xiao Che was stunned. In the Azure Cloud Continent, the surname his master had given him was also Yun, this was a truly strange coincidence.

“Aside from your biological father’s surname is Yun, I do not have any other information; for example, I have no idea what his name was or where he came from. Xiao Ying met your father during the days he traveled throughout the Blue Wind Empire. That year, your father had saved Xiao Ying’s life when he was being attacked by a strong profound beast. Later on, the two started to travel together and after finding out that they were compatible, became sworn brothers right before they went their separate ways.”

Xiao Lie slowly raised his head as if he was reminiscing about the past and fondly said: “After Xiao Ying came back, he described your father to me and kept on praising him; saying that he was not only handsome but was also forthright and uninhibited. Furthermore, he had an incomparable and astonishing talent, and was truly an exceptionally unmatched man. At that time, Xiao Ying’s talent could be said to be matchless in Floating Cloud City; when he frankly admitted that his talent wan’t worth mentioning when compared with your father’s.… I didn’t believe that so I asked him which realm he had reached, but Xiao Ying just smiled and stayed silent about it. He said that I wouldn’t believe him even if he told me.”

“No one knows my son’s personality better than myself. He would never say a lie. At that time your father was confirmed to be a exceptional talent; at a young age, his profound strength had already reached an astonishing level. You can clearly see his magnanimity and bearing when such an exceptional talent was willing to become sworn brothers with Xiao Ying, who was beneath him in profound strength. That was why it was not surprising that Xiao Ying kept praising your father, and was so honored to have become sworn brothers with him.”

“After that, Xiao Ying got married and had a child… and two months after the child was born, he saw your father again… together with your mother.”

Xiao Lie’s emotions had now significantly changed. Xiao Che held back his breath and continued to listen silently.

“… But at that time, both your father and mother were completely drenched in blood, and in their hands was you, who was also drenched in blood. You were only about two months old as well at that time, unconscious in your mother’s embrace. When Xiao Ying stopped them and brought them to a secret location. Their bodies were entirely covered with wounds, and all their profound strength had been depleted.… They stayed only for awhile before insisting on leaving, because the people chasing after their lives were too powerful, so powerful that even the entire Floating Cloud City could not possibly contend against. If they stayed, they will only implicate Xiao Ying with a burden.”

“Xiao Ying couldn’t stop them from leaving and he knew he had no capability to fight against the enemies that even your parents could not handle. At that time, he saw an inflexible and stubborn will in your parents’ eyes… Obviously, your parents has exhausted all their energy trying to escape and they already had no hope of running from the people that were after them… Therefore, Xiao Ying used the excuse of carrying you… and secretly swapped his own son, my grandson, into your bloodied blankets… and hid you within his son’s blanket.”

Xiao Che’s gaze suddenly shuddered while Xiao Lingxi gave a small “Ah” cry.

“… At that time, your parents were in a hurry to leave, so after taking back the protected baby from Xiao Ying, when would they have the time to check if it was actually their son… After your parents had left, Xiao Ying found me, knelt down in front of me, and begged me for forgiveness… He said he was still young, so even if he lost a son, he could still give birth to many more; however if you had died, his brother, who is also your father, will completely lose his bloodline. If that happened, no one would be able to avenge him!”

“Even though the pain in my heart was like being pierced by a thousand arrows at that time, however… facing such an affectionate and righteous son, how could I bear to blame him? Other than us father and son, no one else knew that my grandson had been swapped with you. At that time, the two months old you had already suffered bodily damage and finally recovered after half a month… The reason why your profound vein ended up being deformed was also clearly due to the damages you had taken. In the middle of that level of aggression, it was fortunate that only your profound veins had been damaged and not your life.”

Xiao Lie’s voice faintly paused. He tried his best not to show any signs of pain as he clenched his hands and continued: “Not half a month after that, Xiao Ying was assassinated and the veins in his entire body had been shattered… When I had heard about it and rushed there, with his last breath, he told me that the person who had assassinated him was the very one who was also after your parents at that time. He didn’t know where the person had gotten information about him offering shelter to a young couple who carried a baby and were covered in blood. The person that had assassinated him went there to try to force him into revealing where your parents had escaped to… Before taking his last breath, Xiao Ying was actually smiling, because the words that the person who assassinated him had said… proved that he had not found your parents yet, which meant that they could possibly still be alive!”

“…..” Xiao Che heart started to stir, like a huge overflowing unquenchable wave that was unable to be suppressed. Looking at Xiao Lie’s white hair, he felt an sour and immeasurable crack in his heart.… No one was aware of his deep sorrow of losing his son and his daughter in law. He had even lost his only grandson, the last of his bloodline, long ago. At the knee, was another’s child who was exchanged with the life of his grandson. No wonder he had white hair when he was still in his middle ages… Under wave and wave of emotional setbacks, if an ordinary person took his place, not only would white hair appear… but perhaps he would have already collapsed long ago.”

Xiao Che had only discovered the sorrowful truth today; that the source who had brought all these troubles was unexpectedly he, himself!!

If the real Xiao Che’s life wasn’t used in exchange for his own, why would Xiao Ying get assassinated? How would Xiao Ying’s wife have followed her love? How would Xiao Lie’s wife then die of depression? How would Xiao Ying’s son be laughed at as if he was a failure? Their entire family could have been safe and secured, could have lived happily and peacefully. With Xiao Ying unrivaled talent in Floating Cloud City and his father’s incomparable power and prestige in Floating Cloud City, his position in the Xiao Clan would have been extremely high. Perhaps he would have been the master of the Xiao Clan by now. Xiao Lie wouldn’t have to suffer from other people’s supercilious looks and instead be in a superior position. Not only would the four elder’s not humiliate him, if they faced him, they would probably be as timid as a rat….

Xiao Ying had used his son’s life to save him.… While he let himself, and his entire family suffer a cruel fate.

However these past sixteen years, Xiao Lie had never released any anger or hatred on him, the “main offender”, but instead he protected and kept him safe without a word. He gave him unconditional love, even after knowing that his profound veins were disabled and even knowing that he would be a useless good for nothing for the rest of his life, he still loved him like usual. Perhaps, that was common for a grandfather to treat his own grandson like this; however, to treat another person’s child like this, especially the one who had caused the ruin of his family, would demand an extremely large heart and open-mindedness…

Xiao Che’s inner heart trembled and his nose soured … Like father like son. Being such a great man, it was no wonder he had such a righteous son like Xiao Ying. He could never repay this debt that he and his parents had owed them during his entire lifetime.

Xiao Che placed both of his hands on the side of the stone table as his fingers gripped it more and more tightly. Seeing the sorrowful eyes of Xiao Lie in front of him, for a moment, he didn’t know how to thank this person he had called grandfather all these years. After a while, he finally said with a trembling voice: “Grandfather, I… I… Your affection and kindness, for my entire life, I will always… will always…”

“Heh heh,” Xiao Lie gently chuckled and affectionately replied: “Che’er, I have looked after you since a young age. Even if you’re not one of my own, since long ago, you were no different from my biological grandson in my heart. You also had said that even if we weren’t related by blood, we would still eternally be like family. Since we’re family, all these that had happened, ought to have happened. I have no need for your gratitude or repayment as long as you are safe and sound from now on; even if I were to be locked in here my entire life, I would still be free of worries.”

Xiao Che closed his mouth as his words of gratitude could no longer be spoken and after awhile, he then heavily nodded. That’s right, he’s my grandfather, now… and will be forever! While he’s still around, I need to be filial to him. When he’s not around, I’ll mourn for him and do whatever a grandson ought to do.

As he watched him, Xiao Lie gratifyingly nodded his head and continued: “You must want to know more about what had happened that time. However, Xiao Ying didn’t say much about your parents. As for why they were being hunted, Xiao Ying only told me that it was because they had one of the ‘Heavenly Profound Treasure’ on them. He even informed me that three words ‘Heavenly Profound Treasure” were a grave taboo, and must never be said in the presence of outsiders.”

Heavenly Profound Treasure? Xiao Che firmly beared this name in mind.

“From the time after your parents had left, I’ve never received any information from them these past sixteen years. I once thought that if they were still alive, they would have found out that the baby they carried away wasn’t their own son, and would come back here to exchange the child they had when it was safe… I waited a year after a year, but they never came back. But… this doesn’t prove that they’re not in this world anymore… Since you were a young child, I’ve always told you to never remove that pendant from your neck. That was because when Xiao Ying swapped you with his own son, it was the only thing on your body. If your parents are still alive, perhaps it may possibly become an opportunity and help you guys recognize each other…”

Indeed, if they were still alive, they would’ve come back to Floating Cloud City already and exchanged their child. However they had not come back for an entire sixteen years, so the probability of them still being in this world… was fundamentally uncertain.

If they were actually still in this world, then was Xiao Ying’s child from that time, still alive?

As night darkened, the time for the Star Concealing Grass to lose it effectiveness gradually approached and it was about time for Xiao Che to leave.

“Grandfather, little aunt… I should go now.” Although he was reluctant to part, he had no option but to say this difficult sentence that he didn’t want to say.

Xiao Lie nodded his head and took a look outside: “You must quickly leave this place, if you were to be discovered, it would become even more troublesome.”

“Ah? You…. you’re leaving?” As fast as lightning, Xiao Lingxi raised her head up, and grabbed him tightly with both her hands.

As he felt the reluctance in Xiao Lingxi’s gaze, Xiao Che’s heart felt bitter.… He really wished he could take Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi away with him… However, with his current condition, what right did he have to take them with him? Even if they did leave, what was he suppose to use to protect them in the outside world? It would instead be them protecting him…

He stood up and took ahold of Xiao Lingxi’s hands. He looked into her eyes and stated word for word: “Little aunt, I have to go… However you need not worry, I will return. Within three years, I will be back! By that time, I’ll take the injustice and pain you two suffered and return it to them a thousand fold… I’ll make the entire Xiao Clan kneel and beg you two to leave this Reflection Gorge!!”





Chapter 37 – Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins


Xiao Che said every individual word with resolute determination. He wasn’t trying to comfort Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi, nor was he joking around; it was rather an absolute decisiveness which simultaneously also compelled him to accomplish that decision no matter what.

His words stumped Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi for a long time. However, immediately after that, Xiao Lingxi shook her head and her misty eyes tearfully looked at him: “Little Che, you don’t have to do that. I only want you to live normally and peacefully. It’s alright as long as you only protect yourself…. When the day of my release comes, I will definitely come find you…. However, by all means, you must not do such a foolish thing; or anything dangerous.”

In her eyes, he was still the boy that needed her protection. After listening to his declaration…. the fact that the thought existed in his mind, was already sufficient. How could it be possible that she was willing to let him risk his life, to any kind of danger, for them?

“Don’t worry. Of course I’ll protect myself well.” Xiao Che smiled as he looked at her: “Because grandfather and little aunt are here waiting for me. Because…. I haven’t fulfilled the promise that I made to little aunt.”

“Promise?” Xiao Lingxi’s bright eyes swayed slightly as she stared at him in wonder.

Xiao Che didn’t explain and walked in front of Xiao Lie. He knelt down on both of his knees and kowtowed heavily: “Grandfather, I am the grandson of you, Xiao Lie, and had been under your protection for sixteen years, but now it’s time for me to spread my wings and soar. You are a great grandfather so your grandson will not continue to embarrass you by staying a trash forever… Wait for me, I will be back. Before my return, you must… take care of yourself.”

“Good…. Good!” Xiao Lie slowly nodded his head as his voice trembled and tears appeared in both of his eyes. He went forward to help Xiao Che up, took a wooden tablet with a hanging white tassel from his body and placed it in Xiao Che’s hand: “Che’er, the Xiao Clan had expelled you and there’s no place for you in Floating Cloud City. Your profound veins have been disabled and you have never step out of Floating Cloud City in your entire life. Although I’m extremely worried… The look in your eyes allows me feel at ease and relieved. If you don’t have a set destination to go to, then take this tablet and go to a City called ‘New Moon’, and ask around for a person call Sikong Han.”

“Sikong Han came to Floating Cloud City a few years ago and due to a certain situation, he became indebted to me, and thus gave me this tablet. Once you find him in New Moon City, pass this tablet to him for a look and tell him that you are my grandson. Perhaps he may arrange a place for you to stay.”

Even after saying he was “at ease” and “relieved”, there was no way he could hide his worry and concern in his gaze and expressions. This grandson that had almost no profound strength or experience outside Floating Cloud City could only stay outside from now on, with no one to rely on. How could he even be at ease? How could he not be heartbroken.

Xiao Che grasped the old wooden tablet in the middle of his hand and nodded fiercely. Afterwards he said: “Before I leave, I first want to go pay my respects to…. Uncle Xiao.”

“En.” Xiao Lie nodded his head, pleased.

“Little Che!” The moment Xiao Che turned his body, Xiao Lingxi once again grabbed onto him tightly with both of her hands, her gaze full of reluctance to let go had nearly and completely, melted Xiao Che’s heart.

He yearned so much for him to be able to bring Xiao Lingxi and Xiao Lie away… But even just having a heart full of intention and impulse, he didn’t have the ability nor the qualifications to do that… At least in this dark place without daylight, they were still considered to be safe.

“Little aunt.” Xiao Che lightly held Xiao Lingxi’s hand and looked at her gently: “I can’t bear to leave you, even more than how little aunt can’t bear to leave me… So I will come back within the shortest period of time… I swear, I will fulfill what I said that night… the promise I made to little aunt….”

Xiao Lingxi slowly soften her grip while Xiao Che’s hands were was holding Xiao Lingxi soften as well… Then he turned his body and walked forward with slow footsteps, never turning back… It was because he was afraid that once he turned back, he would be unable to leave… and he was even more afraid that once he turned back, they would see the two streams of uncontrollable tears that flowed out the moment he had turned his body.

Grandfather…. Little aunt…. Within three years, I’ll definitely return…. Wait for me!! Wait for me!!!!

Promise…. Promise….

Xiao Lingxi looked at Xiao Che’s silhouette that was getting further and further away with blurry eyes, absent-mindedly murmuring that in her heart… Suddenly, what he said on that night reverberated inside her heart…

“If you weren’t my little aunt, I’ll definitely marry you!”

All of a sudden, Xiao Lingxi covered her mouth and in a split second, tried her best to hold back all her tears that were crazily gushing out like that of a flood.

——————————————

Xiao Clan cemetery.

Standing in front of Xiao Ying’s grave, Xiao Che’s gaze was fixated on that old slab of gravestone for a long time. Then he knelt down on both knees and kowtow three times, his eyes filling with determination when he was finished.

“Uncle Xiao, this huge favor you have done for my Yun family, I, Yun Che, will never forget it. If the day comes when I find out that my parents are still alive, I will try my best to find them, and also the baby they had carried away at that time… your son. On the day when I finally obtained power, I will find the person that assassinated you that day, and take revenge for you, and for grandfather!”

Xiao Che swore an oath in front of Xiao Ying’s grave and took another bow after getting up, before leaving with heavy footsteps.

“From now on, I’m not Xiao Che anymore…. my name’s Yun Che!”

——————————————

News of Xiao Yulong’s torture shook the entire Xiao Clan, and caused unrest in Xiao Clan for the rest of the night. Xiao Yunhai fainted for quite a long time after his fury dealt a blow to his heart and after waking up, like a madman, he ordered the entire clan to find the culprit. However, after searching for an entire night, not even a silhouette or a trace of the culprit could be found.

The best explanation would be that it was the doing of someone within the Xiao Clan!

Xiao Kuangyun was also furious at this matter, but he only got angry for awhile because he only felt the great pity of losing an obedient and capable slave. He could get that kind of slave anywhere he wanted. However, now he couldn’t bring back Xiao Yulong, who currently resembled neither human nor ghost, so thus his choice naturally fell on the person who was second to Xiao Yulong in yesterday’s “evaluation”.

Third Elder Xiao Ze’s youngest grandson —— Xiao Chengzhi.

If this happened, Xiao Ze and Xiao Chengzhi would undoubtedly be overjoyed.

However the gaze of everyone in the clan had toward Xiao Ze, changed. Especially Xiao Yunhai and Xiao Li; when looking at Xiao Ze, murderous intent could be seen hidden deep in their eyes.

If it really was a Xiao Clan member who had crippled Xiao Yulong, then Xiao Ze would be under the greatest of suspicions.

However this was apparently none of Xiao Kuangyun’s concern. In the afternoon, sent off by all nobles of Floating Cloud City, the four people of the Xiao Sect took Xiao Chengzhi along with them to leave Floating Cloud City, and set foot on the road to Xiao Sect. Actually, with Xiao Sect’s capabilities, it was extremely easy for them to send a few flying profound beasts. However this time, under the Xiao Sect Master’s orders, they were forbidden to use any flying profound beasts in order for Xiao Kuangyun to gain experience.

After Xiao Kuangyun had left, Chu Yueli also prepared to bring Xia Qingyue back to Frozen Cloud Asgard.

“Master.” After bidding farewell to her father and brother, Xia Qingyue returned to Chu Yueli’s side.

Chu Yueli turned her around, her snowy face, incomparably cool and elegant: “The distance between Frozen Cloud Asgard and here is quite far, after you return to Frozen Cloud Asgard, you may not know when you would have the opportunity to return. Don’t leave any unfinished business that you may care about.”

“Rest assured, Master. Qingyue has already and completely made the appropriate preparations, so I may follow Master and depart at any possible time. Although father is reluctant about parting, he has always been deeply grateful about Qingyue entering Frozen Cloud Asgard.”

Chu Yueli nodded: “If that’s the case, we can start our journey right now. Milady had always wanted to meet you for many years, ever since I have mentioned you to her. I believe that if she sees you, she would definitely like you.”

“Father has already helped us prepare profound horses. I request Master to walk towards the foyer.” Xia Qingyue respectfully said.

“No need.” Chu Yueli shook her head and said: “Profound horses are too slow. I’ll take you back using the Profound Floating Technique. Also, you should take care to sense the changes in my body’s profound energy in the middle of my technique, it will benefit your profound strength greatly in the future…. Let us depart; Give me your hand.”

Xia Qingyue held out her delicately white right hand without hesitation. It was obvious that Chu Yueli’s Profound Floating Technique would speedily bring her up high into the sky. This thought had let a bit of excitement and expectation rise in her heart.

Chu Yueli somewhat extended her ice-cold hand to grasp onto Xia Qingyue’s. In a flash, the coldness on her body shifted and the formidable Frozen Cloud Secret Arts started to rapidly swirl…. But then Chu Yueli’s entire body suddenly began to shake. The recently activated Frozen Cloud Secret Arts had also all of a sudden, disappeared without a trace. She turned her body towards Xia Qingyue, her beautiful unwavering gaze fixed onto Xia Qingyue…. It was clear that there was a certain kind of extreme astonishment in her eyes, as if there was an inconceivable worldly matter.”

“Master? What’s wrong?” Xia Qingyue asked, alarmed, because of Chu Yueli’s frightening and unexpected reaction.

“Impossible…. This is absolutely impossible!!”

Chu Yueli absentmindedly soliloquized as she suddenly extended her other hand. After both her hands grabbed onto Xia Qingyue’s right wrist as the coldness on her body spread out. Chu Yueli’s beautiful eyes then widened yet again as her entire body fiercely trembled more than before; on her face, rested an expression of complete speechlessness and incredulous astonishment…. And ecstasy! She firmly snatched Xia Qingyue’s hand as she looked her in the eye and actually became temporarily speechless due to her intensely stirred up emotions.

Her expression let Xia Qingyue become more and more alarmed: “Master…. wh…. what the heck’s going on?”

“Qingyue!” Chu Yueli was suddenly aware of her heart’s frantic throbbing that she was unable to alleviate and stop. When practicing the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts, one’s frame of mind would lean, bit by bit, towards an ice-cold and silent state. It was extremely difficult to be swayed and risen up with only momentum. It was not known for how many years, had her emotions been this out of control: “Inform this master, what exactly have you encountered during this period of time? Did you come across an extraordinary person? Or did consume some kind of pill that’s against the gods!”

“I….” Xia Qingyue momentarily stared for a while.

“Altogether, a person can only have a total of Fifty Four Profound Entrances. An ordinary person is gifted with approximately ten inborn profound entrances while a person with high innate talent may be gifted with around fifteen profound entrances. When I first found you, I discovered that you had twenty one naturally opened profound entrances, an exceptionally great gift only seen once in a million! If one has more profound entrances opened, their cultivation of the profound, and their activation speed will increase. No matter what, a practitioner with twenty opened profound entrances would undoubtedly cultivate and activate their profound strength twice as fast as a practitioner born with only ten opened profound entrances.”

“It is extremely difficult to open a profound entrance, for it even took Milady a century’s worth of time to merely open seven profound entrances and achieve the opening of thirty profound entrances. In the entire Blue Wind Empire, the people who have achieved the supreme state of opening of thirty profound entrances, could not possibly surpass five! The reason why the Profound Opening Powder, the gift Xiao Sect gave to Xiao Clan, could speed up the cultivation process is due to it being able to temporarily open three to four profound entrances for a short period of time. However, that is merely a temporary effect…. Even so, the Profound Opening Powder is still a considerably precious medicine to Xiao Sect.”

“Yet Qingyue, your….” Chu Yueli forcefully grabbed onto Xia Qingyue’s shoulders as her beautiful eyes unblinkingly stared at her: “Fifty Four Profound Entrances have all been completely opened! And they all actually have been permanently opened…. do you understand what this implies? This means that the speed of your profound cultivation and activation would be almost double that of Milady’s! It would also be quintuply faster than that of an ordinary person’s! Not only that, the cultivation of any profound skill you practice in would be limitless. Whenever your profound strength makes a breakthrough, it shall never hit a ‘bottleneck’!”

“When all the profound veins in the Fifty Four Profound Entrances have been completely opened, they are what legends refer to as the ‘Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins,’ and it is said that only a God from the legends would possess these profound veins! This has never happened before in the entire history of the Blue Wind Empire! Qingyue…. in this period of time, what exactly have you gone through!”





Chapter 38 – Peerless Sage


Chu Yueli’s words stupefied Xia Qingyue.

Of course Chu Yueli knew of the profound veins’ Fifty Four Profound Entrances. It was common knowledge amongst the profound practitioners. She understood the concept of fully opening the profound entrances, but it was only plausible in theory as no one had ever heard of anyone achieving such a state. It has been said that only the ancient gods were capable of having “Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins”. It was simply an extravagant expectation that humanity could never obtain!

Ever since Xiao Che’s acupuncture treatment, Xia Qingyue felt that her spiritual and physical state had improved tremendously. The channeling of her profound strength had become very smooth. The flow of her profound strength had also been completely unobstructed. These changes occasionally came with a “this body cannot actually be mine” sort of feeling. Having recalled what Chu Yueli had told her about the Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins, Xia Qingyue went into a state of shock….

The Fifty Four Profound Entrances were fully opened… Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins….

How could this be possible! How was this possible!!

But, as one of the Frozen Cloud’s Seven Fairies, why would Chu Yueli speak an untruth? Given her level of training in the seventh level of the Sky Profound Realm, how could she not sense the state of Xia Qingyue’s profound vein? As a Frozen Cloud Fairy, Chu Yueli had long since sealed away her emotions, but at this moment she couldn’t help but show genuine excitement on her face.

But, how could I…

Could it be…. be….

In Xia Qingyue’s mind, she saw Xiao Che’s figure… She remembered the mornings they spent together as he treated her with those silver needles. She remembered the reasons he gave her for the treatment “to disperse the cold” and “to clear the meridians”. She remembered how Xiao Che would be completely exhausted after each treatment….

She recalled every one of the silver needles that pricked her body…. There were a total of fifty four!! It was the same as the number of profound entrances!

Could it really have been him?

No…. it could only have been him! Aside from him, there were no others who have touched her body. And because of his “treatment”, her body had shown such an enormous change.

But, he was only a member of the Xiao Clan, not to mention a person with a damaged profound vein, how was it possible that he had such an ability….

It could be seen that Xia Qingyue did not have an immediate answer because her eyes were full of uncertainty and complex emotions. Chu Yueli extremely positive that, in the short span of a few days, Xia Qingyue must have went through an incredible experience. She quickly asked: “Qingyue, quickly, tell me who or what allowed you to clear all your profound vein entrances?”

“It… it was a person…. only I didn’t think he went so far…”

“A person?” Chu Yueli was filled with shock: “What was this senior called? Or what did he look like? With such godly abilities it would be impossible for no one to have not heard of him!”

“An ability that can shock all those under the heavens” these words used to describe the man with the ability to completely open the profound entrances was definitely not an exaggeration.

“If I told you I’m an exceptionally skilled spirit doctor, would you believe me?”

The words that she once ignored, were now beginning to occupy her thoughts. Only, her feelings right now was earth shattering different than of that time before.. At the same time, she recalled that after Yun Che’s third treatment, he breathlessly told her: “Qingyue, my wife, if one day your master discovers your changes, definitely do not tell her it was from my treatment….. unless you want to become a widow….”

One person who, in a short time, can complete open the profound for another. If someone with his capabilities, were to have his name spread far and wide, one can imagine the uproar and danger that would follow from those who would, at any cost, seek out this power for themselves.

“He said he was a spirit doctor.” Xia Qingyue had on a complicated look: “Only, he did not permit me to tell anyone else anything about him, I beg your forgiveness master.”

Hearing Xia Qingyue’s plea, Chu Yueli became quite disappointed, but she did not press further, and only gave a nod: “To have such an ability that could even oppose the gods, he must be a saint with the power to transcend the mundane world! Let’s not question something we have no hopes of understanding! Within the Blue Wind Empire, I am acquainted with a doctor who is not only very skilled, but also has the ability to open three of the profound entrances. He became known as Blue Wind’s number one doctor. But when compared to the man who can fully opened the profound entrances, Blue Wind’s number one doctor isn’t even fit to be the dirt at his feet. Hidden experts, like the one that treated you, typically try to avoid the public eye. You received his gift, and thus you should protect his secret.” Qingyue silently nodded in her heart.

Those days, each morning he treated me while exhausting his own profound energy, claiming to “disperse the cold air” and “clear the meridians” were only a cover. His true intentions were to completely open her profound entrances. Qingyue finally realized Yun Che’s intentions after listening to Chu Yueli. And the “ability that could even oppose the gods” her master said, were actually all done using merely a few silver needles.

What exactly was he…?

Chu Yueli had a very pleasant smile on her face, the way she looked at Xia Qingyue has also changed. The way she looked at Qingyue was many times more passionate than before. Solemnly, Chu Yueli said: “ When we return to the Frozen Asgard Palace, I will definitely report this to Milady. I believe the Lady will be very pleased and even accept you as her personal disciple. You will have access to all the resources within the entire Asgard. Given your current level of profound training, even if you only put in the minimal amount of effort you will still become one of the greatest geniuses within Frozen Cloud Asgard! In the next Blue Wind Ranking Tournament, you will inevitably become famous, and your name shall be known throughout the empire! Perhaps, because of you, we may finally break away from the fated suppression that lasted several hundred of years under the Heavenly Sword Villa! Our name would then be number one throughout the Blue Wind Empire!”

“…I will definitely work hard and not disappoint Master.” Xia Qingyue nodded slightly, as mixed emotions ran through her head.

“Oh right! Qingyue, since that senior gave you such a great gift, he must favor you quite a bit. Did he leave you anything or tell you how you can find him?” Chu Yueli asked with hope. Even if she were ten thousand times smarter, she wouldn’t be able to guess that this “senior” was even associated with the useless trash in everyone’s eyes, Yun Che.

“…no.” Qingyue shook her head.

“Sigh, I got a little too greedy.” Chu Yueli tried to pay it no heed and smiled, but then was overcome with a sense of disappointment: “However, should this skilled individual visit Frozen Cloud Asgard, even if only to grant us a tip or two, it would definitely be immensely beneficial to our Asgard.

Then, Xia Qingyue suddenly recalled something in her heart. After some hesitation, Qingyue said: “Master, at that time he mentioned he was looking for three things…. Seventh Gem Grass, a Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, and lastly an Earth Profound Realm beast’s core. If… If we can find those three things for him, then perhaps he may visit the Frozen Cloud Asgard and express his gratitude to us.”

Xia Qingyue was not very good at lying, and when she said those lies she did not even dare to look Chu Yueli in the eyes.

“Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, Seventh Gem Grass, and an Earth Profound Realm beast’s Core…” Chu Yueli muttered the names of these three items in a low voice, and memorized the names in her heart. “Although these items are extremely difficult to obtain, given the power of our Frozen Cloud Asgard, it would not be impossible. I will discuss this matter with Milady and she will decide on how to handle it.”

“Qingyue, let us go now. The Lady and the other members of our Sect will never expect the surprise I am bringing to them.”

Chu Yueli held onto Xia Qingyue and took her into the sky. In an instant they reached hundreds of meters, turned into two streams of phantasmal trails, and headed northwest.

This was Xia Qingyue’s first time flying through the air. Although it should have been a very exciting experience, her turbulent heart was preoccupied by something else.

They soon passed the limits of Floating Cloud City. Xia Qingyue glanced back, and tears formed in her eyes as the city grew distant. The restlessness in her heart could not be calmed.

In the end, what kind of person are you?…… In this world, who can truly understand you?

You’ve done me such a huge favor, just so that I won’t be able to forget you? From now on every time I train in the profound, I will surely think about you….

You were banished from your clan, but where did you go? Where are you now?

“Qingyue my wife, are you asleep?”

“Wow wow! Qingyue my wife, did you become even more beautiful today? Men always say their wives grow more beautiful by the day, and it was actually true.”

*sniff sniff* “Qingyue my wife, did you stealthily go pick jasmine flowers in the morning? If not, how can you be so fragrant? Could this be the legendary female body fragrance?”

“Qingyue my wife, after the month is over and you depart for the Frozen Cloud Asgard, we probably won’t have another opportunity to see one another… When you’re away, will you occasionally think about me?”

………………

“Qingyue my wife”, that was how he would always call her. He addressed her like that at every given opportunity. She slowly became accustomed to that title….From now on, she knew she would never again hear someone mention that title when referring to her. The thought caused her heart to tighten. As she thought about it, her heart continued to ache.

“Qingyue? What’s wrong? Why has your heartbeat become erratic?” Chu Yueli glanced at her from the side.

Xia Qingyue gently shook her head: “I’m fine, just…a little homesick…”

Chu Yueli did not grasp the true meaning behind what Xia Qingyue meant when she said “home”. Chu Yueli said with relief: “When a girl leaves her home for the first time, it is only normal to be sentimental. But the day your profound training reaches the Sky Profound Realm, traveling vast distances will become a simple matter. When that moment comes, it will be easier for you to return when you miss home.”

When Xia Qingyue mentioned home, Chu Yueli naturally thought of one person, she casually said: “Your younger brother, I remember his name… Xia Yuanba. Yesterday, I took the opportunity to check his profound vein; he was naturally born with nine profound entrances. Although his talent is mediocre, his profound veins are a whole two times thicker than that of a normal person’s. It was the first time I have ever seen anything like it. Perhaps, that is one of the reasons why your brother is so burly. I will try to find more information regarding his condition once we return.”

“I thank Master for the consideration.” Xia Qingyue said gently. Her eyes shifted towards the direction of her home and she gently murmured: “After I’m gone, Yuanba will also head toward New Moon City by himself and enter the New Moon Profound Palace. I hope he won’t get bullied and always live in peace……”





Chapter 39 – Blood Soaked Jasmine


Cyan Forest Town was located nearly two hundred kilometers west of Floating Cloud City. Although it was located on a remote piece of land, there were quite a number of residents, and occasionally travelers would pass by. This place could be considered a necessary route when traveling from Floating Cloud City to New Moon City.

The scorching sun and the ground covered in cracks because of its rays, made people feel more agitated than usual. At this time, a Group of six people appeared on the streets in town. The first and leading one had a big and intimidating build, carried an one and half meter long bronze machete. His facial features were demonic, and his eyes emitted maliciousness. The ones behind him both wore jackets made of animal skin, wielding swords, knives, maces and various weapons.

Their appearance immediately tensed up the atmosphere on the street. Passerbys all quickly moved to the side of the street, their footsteps also became very cautious as their faces contorted with fear…… Only until these six people entered a small inn in town, were they finally able to feel relieved and left hastily.

Bang!!

The bulky man wearing silver armor slammed the huge machete that was almost as tall as a grown man into the biggest table at the center of the inn, and roared : “This table belongs to this granddaddy now, scram if you don’t want to die!”

The four people who were enjoying their drinks were just about to express the rage, however their complexions quickly changed when they saw the bulky man’s face. They didn’t dare to even mutter a word as they left the table obediently. The man then stretched out his thick arm and swept the table, then lowly roared in the deafening sound of shattering tableware: “Bring out all the best dishes you have in this inn!”

The innkeeper was already there to greet them; as he looked at the remains of broken plates and glass, he felt as if his heart was bleeding. However, he forcefully smiled on the surface and said: “Silver….. Silver Dragons’ young masters, please rest a while, drinks and foods will come soon, very soon.”

Those six people belonged to Cyan Forest Town’s infamous Silver Dragon Mercenary Group, and the bulky man wielding the huge machete was the head, Yin Long, who dubbed himself as the “Silver Dragon”. At the age of a little over forty, his profound strength actually reached the second level of the True Profound Realm. Compared to Cyan Forest Town, where even one at the fourth level of the Nascent Profound Realm would be considered strong, he was unquestionably an unsurmountable existence here. Because of this, the Silver Dragon Mercenary Group became the strongest mercenary group in Cyan Forest Town and acted as if laws doesn’t exist, with no one daring to provoke them.

(TL: ‘Yin Long’ sounds the same as ‘Silver Dragon’ phonetically)

After the group of six sat down, the five other mercenary members then started to spew out all sorts of flattery. The six’s sound of speaking, laughing and cursing filled the entire inn. They had gotten used to this kind of lawless conduct a long time ago. The surrounding customers became more afraid due to Silver Dragon’s tyranny and no one dared to speak more than the bare necessity.

At this time, another group of five appeared at the inn door. At a glance, the leader of the group was a young man who appeared to be a little over twenty, had a mediocre body figure, and a plain looking face. However, inconsistent with his features, his apparel was nevertheless incomparably extravagant, and anyone in the town would lock onto his clothes for a quite a while with envious eyes of thirst that were incapable of moving away.

He stood in front of the inn for a while; his eyes swept over the people in the inn with an extraordinarily arrogant gaze, as if he was looking at lesser animals that didn’t even deserve to be paid attention to. Right after, his brow slanted, and he coldly snorted.

From behind him, a handsome youth that only looked seventeen or eightteen hurriedly came up, bowed before him and smiled with an apologetic overtone: “Young Master Xiao, all inns are like this in remote lands, it is probably not possible to find any decent ones within fifty kilometers, please bear with it a little.”

Those five people, as expected, were Xiao Kuangyun, Xiao Moshan, Xiao Ba, Xiao Jiu, and Xiao Chengzhi who was brought out of Xiao Clan. They were on their way back to Xiao Sect from Floating Cloud City.

Xiao Chengzhi was exhilarated the whole trip, and when he thought of how he had almost arrived at the Xiao Sect, he ended up laughing even in his sleep. In front of Xiao Kuangyun, he bended over to fawn and to curry favor. He didn’t dare to make the slightest slip against him…… If he could satisfactorily serve this Xia’s young master, and get a good word from him at a later date, he should be able to live as he wants even in the Xiao Sect.

“Hmph!” Xiao Kuangyun snorted from his nose, took another uninterested glance around, and walked inside.

Xiao Chengzhi hurriedly rushed ahead and occupied the table at the best location, squatted down and cleaned the wooden chair with his sleeves. He then looked at Xiao Kuangyun with adulation, and shouted: “Owner, immediately serve the dishes…… select the best ones you have!”

Xiao Kuangyun’s group had just came in, and they were already targeted by the gazes of the six from Silver Dragon Mercenary Group. One of them laughed with disdain: “Ha! That little brat is acting quite wild, look at that expression he had when he saw us, tsk tsk.”

“It’s probably some rich family’s young master who’s sightseeing on a vacation, just look at that succulent skin and flesh, it feels like water could leak out if you just squeeze them a little. But he actually dares to mess around in our turf, does he not know how the word “death” is written?”

“Boss, do you want me to go up and teach them who’s turf they’re in? Who cares which family’s young master he is, within the territory of Silver Dragon Mercenary Group, everyone will need to be obedient to us.”

“PAAAA!”

Yin Long slammed the chicken leg he was eating with immense force, and lifted the huge machete near his feet in one go: “Let this daddy here personally go greet them. I’ve taken a liking to the clothes he’s wearing, if I brought them back to my son, he would definitely be very delighted, hahahaha……”

After he said that, he carried his machete and blatantly walked toward Xiao Kuangyun’s table, smashed the table with his machete from three steps away, and said with an acrimonious tone: “Brat! Seems like your clothes are pretty neat? However, looking at your shameful figure, it’s such a waste that they’re being worn by you. Take them off immediately!”

“Strip! Take them off now! You heard me!”

“If you don’t want to strip, we’ll help you take them off.”

“If our boss strips you personally later, it won’t be that gentle anymore, AHAHAHAHA!”

The Silver Dragon Mercenary Group’s fodders continued to jeer. The people in the inn all moved away from them, and looked at Xiao Kuangyun’s group with pity. The innkeeper and attendant hid even further away and didn’t dare to come up and dissuade them.

But contrary to the expectations of everyone there, when facing the notorious Silver Dragon Mercenary Group, Xiao Kuangyun’s table of people seemed extraordinarily calm, to the point of being eerie. Xiao Kuangyun reached out his hand, wiped his clothes that got tainted with wine with disgust, and coldly spoke: “Dispose them all.”

“En? Dispose? What did he just say?”

“He said to dispose us all! Ahahahaha……AHH!!!”

The mocking sound of the Silver Dragon Mercenary Group immediately turned into ear splitting screams of agony. Xiao Ba’s figure rushed out like a bolt of lightning, and blasted three of the noisiest flying. It was followed by the *kacha kacha* sound of bones breaking.

Yin Long’s barbaric smile disappeared. He jumped back a step, and revealed a terrified expression: “Spirit……Spirit Profound Realm!!”

When the words “Spirit Profound Ream” came out, it was as if a bomb went off inside the inn; everyone was shaken and rendered speechless! Only sects and major cities would have these kind of superbly powerful beings. And in this tiny Cyan Forest Town, it was a level that no one had ever seen in their entire lives, that only existed in their wildest dreams!

Just as Yin Long finished speaking, the other two mercenary followers were blown over ten meters away by Xiao Ba with the swing of a palm and fell unconsciously on the ground. Yin Long’s entire body began to tremble, then fell to the ground on his knees and prostrated excessively: “S…So… Sorry…. My eyes have failed to see….I was unable to recognize great beings such as yourself, I… I deserve to die… I deserve to die!”

If he knew the opponent was actually a master that had achieved Spirit Profound Realm, he wouldn’t have tried to provoke them even if he were to die.

“Dispose of him.” Xiao Kuangyun uttered coldly .

As the voice faded, Xiao Ba’s hand also swept down and shattered both of Yin Long’s arms in midst of his screams of agony.

At this time, a youth’s silhouette appeared at the inn door.

When Yun Che left Floating Cloud City, he didn’t actually have a destination in mind. Thinking about the wooden tablet he received from Xiao Lie, he asked around on the way, and intentionally walked toward the direction of New Moon City. He needed to reach a bigger and more populated place, so that there would be a higher chance of finding the necessary items to repair his broken profound vein.

His constitution was too weak, and since he couldn’t bear to spend the little money he had on a horse, he could only travel by foot with a really slow speed. When he arrived at Cyan Forest Town, he was already extremely fatigued and hungry. As he saw the inn on the side of the street, he flipped through what little profound coins he had, made a self-deprecating smile and headed toward it.

Just as he arrived by the door, he heard a scream similar to the slaughtering of a pig. Following the sound, he immediately saw the Xiao Kuangyun and Xiao Moshan that were sitting together, with Xiao Chengzhi standing the side…… He immediately stopped on his tracks, rotated his body around and left hastily. But as he turned his body around, Xiao Ba’s complexion immediately changed when he, by chance, looked in the direction of the door when he had just shattered Yin Long’s arms.

“Innkeeper, take these eye sores and throw them out!!” Xiao Kuangyun coldly growled. A group of trash lower than ants, dared to actually ruin his interest in having a meal.

“Ah…… yes, yes, yes, yes!” The innkeeper’s body shook at his growl, continuously nodded with panic, and cautiously started to carry the Silver Dragon Mercenary Group members outside, together with his attendant…… Because Yin Long was at the second level of the True Profound Realm, there wasn’t anyone who dared to offend him in Cyan Forest Town. But even a random servant of this extremely arrogant and cruel youth was at Spirit Profound Realm, how could they possibly dare to even slightly disobey him?

“Young Master.” Xiao Ba walked to the side of Xiao Kuangyun, and whispered a few sentences in his ear.

“En? You’re talking about the good for nothing that got kicked out of Xiao Clan?” After listening to Xiao Ba’s report, Xiao Kuangyun’s eyes narrowed as he sneered: “Very good, I almost forgot about the existence of this character, and even the heavens has now presented him to me…… Xiao Ba, go and disfigure his face for me.”

“The Sect Master had said that you shouldn’t use the Sect’s authority to oppress others outside.” Xiao Moshan blandly said.

“Hmph! That Xiao Clan’s wastrel actually embarrassed me in public the other day, not parading his corpse down the Floating Cloud City is already merciful enough. Xiao Ba, after you disfigure his face, cut his tongue out too. Wasn’t he such a good speaker? I’ll see how eloquent he is at speaking after that!” Xiao Kuangyun said in a low voice.

That day at Xiao Clan, Yun Che tore apart his scheme in public, and slapped every single line he uttered in his face; how could he not bear a grudge in his heart? About him wanting to disfigure Yun Che’s face, it was of course out of jealousy…….. He was even more jealous that this wastrel actually married the Xia Qingyue that he couldn’t even obtain.

Xiao Moshan didn’t speak anymore. Xiao Ba nodded silently, steadily walked out of the inn, and chased in Yun Che’s general direction.





Chapter 40 – Blood Soaked Jasmine (2)


Although Cyan Forest Town’s shops were few in number, they still had all the necessities. Knitting his brows tightly, Yun Che hastened his footsteps, and soon turned into a pharmacy on the right.

“Shopkeeper, are there any Purple Lantern Flowers and Iron Sand Vines?” Yun Che said immediately after entering the pharmacy, and at the same time quickly scanned the pharmacy with his eyes.

At a glance, the pharmacy shopkeeper looked like a listless and bored middle-aged man. The medicinal herbs Yun Che asked for were also the most common of medicinal herbs. Purple Lantern Flowers could dispel colds and Iron Sand Vines could be refined into the lowest grade Profound Recovery Pellet; both could be found anywhere and were very inexpensive. The shopkeeper feebly responded: “There are, how much do you want?”

“A quarter kilos of each!” Yun Che said with haste.

The shopkeeper readily wrapped the medicine, and threw it at him: “Twenty Yellow Profound Coins altogether.”

【Author’s Note: Profound Sky Continent’s currency are split into three different kinds: Yellow Profound Coin, Cyan Profound Coin, and Purple Profound Coin. 1 Purple Profound Coin = 100 Cyan Profound Coins = 10000 Yellow Profound Coins. Profound Coin Value Reference: Profound Sky Continent’s average household’s annual income is about 30000 Yellow Profound Coin, or 3 Purple Profound Coins】

Putting the Profound Coins on the counter, Yun Che left in a hurry; without stopping, he headed toward the town’s Southern Exit.

Xiao Ba, whom now has discovered his silhouette, didn’t hurry to attack but instead trailed behind him without any expressions on his face.

Cyan Forest Town’s exit quickly appeared before them. To the south of Cyan Forest Town was a vast vein of mountains, namely the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range. These mountains were inhabited by a variety of profound beasts, making it very dangerous. Even the Cyan Forest Town’s military unit and practitioners who practiced in the profound, who were known for their strength, only dared to move around in the outermost parts of the mountains. When one goes deeper into the mountains, higher leveled profound beasts would be encountered and this often ended with narrow escapes. The reason why the mountain was named the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, was because in the center of the mountain vein there lived an enormous fire breathing Great Flame Dragon, thus granting it that name.

However that was only in legends and no one had actually seen it before. Dragons were at the apex of profound beasts, so even the lowest leveled dragons are terrifyingly powerful. And if they really existed, there was no possibility of survival after seeing one.

Stepping into Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, Yun Che slowly inhaled, hugged the two bags of medicine he’d bought from the pharmacy onto his chest with his right hand, and covered the medicine with his left hand as the Sky Poison Pearl’s radiance twinkled…… Suddenly, a large amount of flakes fell through from his hands. As Yun Che removed his left hand, what’s left in his palm was only a small pile of purple-black powder.

The Purple Lantern Flower didn’t have any poisonous properties, and neither does Iron Sand Vine, so there wouldn’t be any poisonous responses even if both were consumed together. Even if it were poisonous, a normal poison’s effect would be only miniscule against powerful individuals that had achieved the Spirit Profound Realm; or may not even have any effect at all.

However, a powder created by combining certain components of the Purple Lantern Flower and the Iron Sand Vine together, had the properties to tremendously irritate the eyes. If touched by the eye, no matter how powerful one’s profound strength may be, they would still lose their sight temporarily.

Grasping this handful of powder, Yun Che slowly turned around and looked at Xiao Ba, who wasn’t even ten steps away from him, that appeared like a ghost without presence.

Xiao Ba became slightly surprised when Yun Che was able to notice him. He looked at Yun Che with scorn, and coldly said: “You’re called Xiao Che, right? The good for nothing that was kicked out of Xiao Clan!”

“No, I am named Yun Che!” Yun Che leisurely stared back at him. There wasn’t a single hint of fear on this face.

“Hmph!” Xiao Ba wasn’t actually interested what his name was, nor did he react to Yun Che’s leisure gesture, since dealing with a super wastrel with damaged profound veins wasn’t something he even needed to think about: “I’ve got orders from my young master to deliver you to meet your maker! In the next life, remember not to provoke those that you can’t afford to offend!”

(TL: original said meet Yama, king of Chinese hell)

As his voice faded, a short blade already appeared in Xiao Ba’s hand. He then swung his right hand, and the blade flew toward with Yun Che with the ear-piercing sound of space being torn apart…. Xiao Kuangyun wanted him to disfigure Yun Che’s face and cut off his tongue, but he evidently didn’t have the patience to waste so much time and energy on a complete trash like him. He was too lazy to even touch Yun Che at all, so he just threw out a blade and aimed it directly at the throat.

When Xiao Ba suddenly took out the short blade, Yun Che’s brow shook violently, and when Xiao Ba swung his right arm out, his heart finally dropped…. He had prepared for Xiao Ba to rush forward and bash him, but he didn’t expect that a person that had achieved the Spirit Profound Realm from Xiao Sect would actually use weapons against a worthless person like him! And even assassinating him using throwing knives!

With the pitifully insignificant profound power in his body, how could he dodge a throwing knife thrown by a powerful being that had reached the Spirit Profound Realm?

Was this Xiao Ba’s personality twisted? He actually acted offbeat from the logic of a normal person! To even use weapons in order kill someone who didnn’t possess profound power at all like me; won’t he feel ashamed if others knew about this?…Yun Che powerlessly cursed in his heart. As the blade reflected in his pupils got closer, his consciousness promptly tried to dodge the knife by reflex, but his slow body had no chance of dodging it at all….

Just as the knife was about to piece Yun Che’s throat, a red shadow shot out of Yun Che’s body like a lightning bolt, and darted toward Xiao Ba….

Hissssss~~~~~~~

The short blade had not pierced Yun Che’s throat and simply vanished from his vision! But now behind Xiao Ba’s body, was the addition of a petite silhouette. She had her back towards Yun Che; dressed in a white one piece, she exhibited a naked shin and feet that were as beautiful as jade. As her red hair scattered all the way down to her waist, this enchanting allure was unparalleled.

And in her right hand, was clearly the short blade that Xiao Ba shot at him!

This girl… her clothes, and red hair… don’t tell me….

Xiao Ba still kept the same posture as when he threw the short blade, his whole body froze like before. In the ghastly silence, he didn’t turn around, nor did his expression and movements change at all, as if he was suspended in time. The only change would be that his pupils contracted to the size of the eye of a needle, as if at that moment, he saw the world’s most horrifying scene….

As a gust of refreshing breeze brushed by, Xiao Ba’s erect body suddenly fell apart in the light wind… That’s right! It fell apart, like the collapse of a pile of toy building blocks that fell down one block at a time, to become a pool of blood and a countless number of minute dismembered pieces.

As the wind blew into Yun Che’s face, it brought back the pungent scent of blood. His whole body was petrified in place. As he looked at the back of the girl, his pupils contracted violently, and couldn’t breath at all. Even his heartbeat had almost completely stopped.

Her garment and red hair revealed to him that this was clearly the girl that he met during that night in the rear mountains, who also entered inside the Sky Poison Pearl. However, after going into the Sky Poison Pearl, she had always been unconsciously sleeping… But now, she had awoken, left the Sky Poison Pearl by herself, and showed him the most terrifying scene he had ever witnessed in the Profound Sky Continent.

In just that instant, it was doubtless that this girl was able to grab the knife that almost pierced his throat, rushed toward Xiao Ba, and killed him… The whole process could only be seen as a flash of red light that lasted during an inconsiderably puny tick of time… Xiao Ba’s body was entirely minced, and to be dismantled into such a state, it would at least take over hundreds of strikes….

In other words,this girl not only intercepted the knife that almost took his life just a moment ago, but also used the same knife and chopped Xiao Ba at least several hundreds times!!

Was… Was this even the ability a small girl could have?

No! Was this even a realm that “humans” could reach?!!

Dong!

“Uuuuu….”

During Yun Che’s extreme state of shock, the girl’s short blade suddenly dropped to the ground, and she emitted a painful moan that usually could be heard from a small animal. Right after that, her entire body slowly assumed a squatting position onto the ground, and her petite body shivering slightly, as if bathing inside an icy cold gust….

“This hateful Absolute God Slaying Poison…… How could I, the princess… experience such a…. rebound… when only using this degree of power… Uuuu….” Yun Che carefully walked two steps closer, and every time his gaze fell onto the puddle of blood, his heart would feel a chill… Who was this red-haired girl! Xiao Ba was from Xiao Sect, so his true strength was at least in the lower levels of Spirit Profound Realm! It was probable that almost no one in Floating Cloud City could even match him; however this girl had instantly killed him in a flash!

(TL: I, the princess – An arrogant way of speaking whereby one refers to themselves as someone of importance. She may or may not be a real princess. Similar to that of the Japanese “ore”. If in English, would just be “I”… may translate this phrase into this princess or I* next time)

This girl undoubtedly appeared to be only twelve or thirteen! At this age, even reaching Elementary Profound Realm would be rare. Xia Qingyue reaching tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm at the age of sixteen was already considered to be the number one genius in the entire city, but this girl…… this girl……

This was the first time, since arriving in this Profound Sky Continent, that Yun Che was genuinely shocked for the first time. For when he looked at the scene before his eyes, it completely exceeded his apprehension… his apprehension gained from an entire two lifetimes!

Yun Che took a heavy deep breath, strove to calm down with great effort, clenched his teeth, and finally spoke: “Little girl, you… woke up?”

Hearing Yun Che’s voice, the girl’s body stopped shivering. She slowly stood up, turned around, and showed her face that was as delicate as a doll. Although this immature and tender face and was unbelievably beautiful, right now it had an apparent expression of pain. She looked at Yun Che, and spoke with a tender but icy cold tone: “How unbelievable, the Sky Poison Pearl would actually choose a useless common person like you as its master! Don’t tell me that this Heavenly Profound Treasure’s spirituality had already become distorted?”

Strictly speaking, this was the first time Yun Che saw her face to face. Although he had visited her many times everyday in the Sky Poison Pearl, as he looked at her again right now, Yun Che still was incapable of turning his gaze away away. This was due to the extreme beauty of the girl, she was beautiful enough to the point of being able to steal souls. Every single feature on her snow like face were exquisitely delicate and perfect beyond compare; moreover, it reached the pinnacle of indescribably perfection.

Her eyes were sparkling and translucent like precious black gemstones, but were also as profound as the night sky. From her eyes, Yun Che saw a kind of loftiness…. Yet this loftiness was absolutely not like Xiao Kuangyun’s kind of senseless and haughty arrogance that abused authority, but a noble aloofness that came from the soul; as if before her eyes, every spirit in this world were all, without exception, simply just large ants, while every living thing in this world was comparable to be as insignificant as dust.

………………………………

Cyan Forest Town, within the inn.

All the entrees and side dishes had been served, yet Xiao Ba still had not returned.

Xiao Kuangyun started to feel agitated, and snorted coldly: “Against a piece of trash, he actually wasted this much time. Hmph, perhaps he got lost in this unfamiliar place? Xiao Jiu, you go take a look.”

“Yes, Young Master!” Xiao Jiu accepted the order and immediately stood up to walk out of the inn, to then trail towards the direction Xiao Ba had previously gone.





Chapter 41 – Blood Soaked Jasmine (3)


Yun Che had already quickly calmed down inside. But from what the young girl said just now, combined with her muttering before, there were a few phrases that stuck out to him. This princess…. Absolute God Slaying Poison… Heavenly Profound Treasure…

She called herself a princess? Was she a princess from a certain empire?

And what is Absolute God Slaying Poison? I knew all the poison in the world on the back of my hand, how could I have never heard of this name?

And this Heavenly Profound Treasure…. Grandfather said that my birth parents were being hunted because they carried a “Heavenly Profound Treasure” with them, and the words “Heavenly Profound Treasures” were a kind of frightening taboo! And from what this girl said, she was clearly talking about the “Sky Poison Pearl”. Is there actually more than just one Heavenly Profound Treasure?

But Yun Che didn’t inquire about any of these questions, nor was it time for asking. He hesitated a little, and finally said: “Little girl, I don’t really understand what you are saying. But since you finally woke up from such a long slumber in the Sky Poison Pearl, could you tell me your name?”

Facing Yun Che’s inquiry, the girl’s complexion and gaze didn’t shift, as if she hadn’t heard him at all. But after a short while, she nevertheless answered Yun Che’s questions. Moving her pink and tender lips, she muttered an icy cold word: “Jasmine.”

“Jasmine?” Yun Che smiled, his gaze carried honest appreciation: “Jasmine is cute and petite, has a rich aroma, and is beautifully white without imperfections. This name really suits you.”

“White without imperfections?” The girl’s complexion of pain slowly abated, her lips slightly curled and tilted , forming an ice cold angle. At this time, a wave of cold breeze passed by and made her scarlet hair flutter in the air. A emerald colored leaf fell in the wind, and was caught in a grip by the girl: “I am Jasmine, a Jasmine that had been dyed red with blood!”

As the girl loosened her grip, the previously intact leaf had now became a pile of tiny flakes, and fell out of her hands accompanying the wind.

“….” Yun Che’s heart experienced a bone-freezing chill he had never ever felt before.

Those tiny flakes dispersed with the wind, and when some of them flew toward the girl’s body, an eerie scene appeared before Yun Che’s eyes…. As those flakes touched the girl’s body, they actually didn’t cling onto her, but passed straight through and scattered behind her…

“!!!!” What is this? Don’t tell me, this girl’s body is actually… Ethereal?

No! If she was ethereal, then how could she have picked up the short knife and catch that falling leaf just now? Is it that she can touch something willingly, but can’t be touched otherwise…. a semi-ethereal body?

“Your question, this princess had already answered it. Now, it’s time for you to answer this princess’ questions.” Jasmine’s black gemstone like eyes stared straight at Yun Che’s. The impeccably charming gaze, however, was like a razor-sharp knife, and pierced straight into the deepest part of his heart and soul: “Where in the world, did you obtain the Sky Poison Pearl!”

“My master passed it on to me. However he has passed away, and I don’t know where he obtained the Sky Poison Pearl either.” Yun Che said directly. Facing this girl’s gaze as clear as a diamond, he had a terrified feeling that he shouldn’t lie about even half a sentence. So he simply answered the truth directly…. since in this case, the truth was probably worthless to her anyways.

The girl stared into his eyes for three whole seconds, then finally fluctuated a little. Using a icy cold tone that shouldn’t belong to a twelve or thirteen year old girl, she plainly said: “Sky Poison Pearl, ranked fifth in the seven Heavenly Profound Treasures; limitless inner space, can counteract all poisons, refine all ingredients. When appeared for an instant one thousand and three hundred years ago, the whole world turmoiled to obtain it, then it disappeared without a trace. I didn’t expect, that it actually landed into a wastrel with forever broken Profound Veins’ hands! And even fused with your body! What ridiculousness. I don’t know whether this Sky Poison Pearl had lost its spirituality, or its spirit had thoroughly become insane!”

Seven Heavenly Profound Treasures…. Ranked fifth?

The girl’s brow that was like a waning moon suddenly sunk, a wave of ice cold murdering intent solidified and tightly caged Yun Che’s body: “If the Sky Poison Pearl would even fuse with a wastrel like you, there is no reason it wouldn’t fuse with this princess!”

Hisss!!

A flood of cold gale flew toward Yue Che, and his back violently crashed into the tree trunk behind him before he could even react. The girl’s charming face full of murderous intent was now only a foot away, and her left hand tightly gripped on his throat,

“You….” Yun Che opened his eyes wide, and his face rapidly turned ghastly under the excruciating suffocation.

“I’ll give you two choices.” The girl’s absolute stunning features were now full of dreadfulness, and every word from her tender voice is chilling: “Your first choice, obediently turn over the Sky Poison Pearl to this princess. The other is that this princess will take the Sky Poison Pearl from your dead body after I take your life!”

Although the young girl’s hands were undoubtedly supple like tender jade, it rigidly constricted his throat, and rendered him unable to move at all with excruciating pain. However, his face didn’t show even the slightest fear or panic, instead spoke dully with his weak and hoarse voice: “I choose the second choice, quickly kill me now.”

The girl’s lovely eyes narrowed, and sneered: “You think I* wouldn’t dare to?”

As she was speaking, her fingers abruptly tightened. Five lines of frightening blood prints immediately appeared Yun Che’s neck, and his complexion became even more anguished than before. However he curled up his lips, and smiled with a ghastly white face: “If you really wished for me to die…. then just now… you wouldn’t have saved me despite risking the poison’s rebound!”

Jasmine: “……”

Yun Che stared into her eyes, and continued as his face contorted with pain: “You were hit by a strange poison, but this poison not only poison the body, but also poison the soul! That night, your body already dissipated in my face, and you became only a soul tormented by this severe poison…. The body you have now, is only a semi-physical body born from you forcefully sucking my blood the other day, while borrowing power from the Sky Poison Pearl that was fused with me! This means that, my life, is also your life! If you had died, it wouldn’t affect me in the slightest; but if I had died, you would have instantly died with me!”

“If I turned over the Sky Poison Pearl to you, I would have really invited my own death!”

“….” An intense shock swayed through the depth of Jasmine’s charming eyes, and she slowly loosened her small hands that were on Yun Che’s throat.

As he finally had escaped the pain of being choked, Yun Che harshly coughed with unrivaled intensity. He then violently vomited, to the point of even hurling out his bile. His complexion becoming even ghastly than before.

“You don’t actually seem to be as useless as you look.” Jasmine looked at him with the corner of her eye: “How could you tell?

“Heh…” Yun Che smiled with a low voice: “Because I’m an exceptionally skilled doctor! If you don’t want to die, you must not only spare me, but must also protect me with all your might! To be able to consolidate your soul into a body, one would at least need to have the strength of Emperor Profound Realm! Your life, certainly would worth much more than mine.”

To reach Emperor Profound Realm at the age of twelve or thirteen, one could imagine Yun Che’s turmoil in his heart as he spoke his words. Throughout the Blue Wind Empire, if one had reached Sky Profound Realm, one would already be considered unsurmountable; and for people who had achieved Emperor Profound Realm, there weren’t even ten in the entire Blue Wind Empire. Without exception, these people can boast like emperors, for they were unparalleled between the heavens and earth. To reach this realm, one would not only need exceptional ingenuity and lucky opportunities, but also need an adequate amount of time. People in Blue Wind Empire who could reach Emperor Profound Realm were invariably over hundreds of years old. After reaching this realm, even if the physical body was destroyed, one could still take form by crystallizing the soul; if they could find a chance to rebuild the physical body, they would be able to flawlessly resurrect.

However this girl who had her body destroyed, whose soul was still alive and depended on his life force, clearly had the strength of Emperor Profound Realm! How terrifying of a concept is that?

However the girl’s next sentence, stupefied Yun Che for an entire five seconds.

“Emperor Profound Realm?” The girl’s gaze didn’t waver, but her face openly expressed a deep disinterest: “What’s that?”

Yun Che: “….”

At this time, the sound of slightly hurried foot steps could be heard from up ahead. Jasmine’s gaze congealed, and slowly snapped her body around. The owner of the footsteps sound quickly appeared in their vision.

Xiao Jiu!

“Another one has come for my life. What to do is up to you.”

When he was facing Xiao Ba earlier, although he had his “secret weapon” held in hand, it was impossible to assert that he wasn’t nervous. But now, looking at the Xiao Jiu in front of his eyes, he wasn’t nervous even in the slightest. He leaned half of his body onto the tree trunk behind him, his gaze toward Xiao Jiu actually contained a tiny bit of pity…. and disappointment… Why did only a Xiao Jiu come? It would have been great if a few more came to accompany him in the grave.

Xiao Jiu first saw Yun Che, then saw the puddle of blood and minced meat on the ground. Although Xiao Ba’s body was already broken into several thousand of pieces, he still recognized it since they had been companions for decades. Suddenly, he became aghast for a while. But as his gaze fell upon Jasmine, he became utterly flabbergasted.

Xiao Ba and Xiao Jiu were both born from impure bloodlines, their position in the humongous Xiao Sect was at first meager. But because they had expressed exceptional talent, they were selected and went through impossibly strict training, and later became Xiao Kuangyun’s personal guard. They not only possessed great profound strength, but their personality were also cold and ruthless. They only knew loyalty, and was uninterested in all other things…. including women! Even if they had stunningly alluring maidens in their arms, their expressions and heat wouldn’t waver and fluctuate even a little, as if they were robots without any sex drive. Of course, being a pedophile was further out of the question.

But the moment he saw Jasmine, his eyes became dazed and his body experienced a numbing sensation he had never felt before; all of the blood in his body nearly boiled over.

He didn’t know what language he could use to describe the beauty of the girl in front of his eyes…. Her eyes, as if it was the most dazzling pearl in the world, shimmered with a mystifying beautiful complexion. What exquisite flawlessness were her cheeks and features, impeccable to the point that it couldn’t even be described as an immaculate statue made of jade…..

The petite and tender young bodyline that brimmed with immatureness, was alluring to the extreme. Following the white dress downwards, beauty like nature itself poured out. Below the skirt hem, there exhibited two thin, straight and tender shins. With faultlessly white and creamy skin as if crafted from jade, it overflowed with a honeyed milk sleekness, and announced its crystal clearness like that of ice. Her feet that touched the ground were like two blooming icy lotus blossoms, impeccably beautiful, as if they didn’t belong in the human realm.

In this world, how could there be something this beautiful….?

Xiao Jiu was thoroughly frozen, both of his eyes opened wide and contained a sluggish gaze as his awareness entirely went beyond the heavens. As if his soul was taken away, he forgot about Xiao Ba who died tragically, and forgot about Yun Che whom he needed to kill. In his eyes, in his awareness, only the girl that was beautiful enough to drain the colors from both heaven and earth remained. Her long scarlet hair that blew in the wind added a bit of flirtatiousness onto her absolute beauty. It made his heartbeat speed up, and heated up his whole body. His heart entrenched the intense desire to possess her, pin her below his body and wildy ravage her with abandon.

“You have a death wish!!” Looking at Xiao Jiu’s exceedingly feverish gaze, Jasmine expressed a sullen anger on her face. She abruptly lifted her tender and jade-like hand, and pointed her palm at Xiao Jiu’s chest…..





Chapter 42 – Master Jasmine


“Bang!!”

Without any emotion or warning, the instant Jasmine raised her hand, Xiao Jiu’s expression abruptly changed; it changed into extreme horror, as if he had seen the most terrifying of hells at that moment. Afterwards, a terrifying sound of exploding body parts came about, and his body busted open with a loud bang.

The head, four limbs, torso, and the organs… All shattered in an instant, blossoming into a huge bloody flower. His scattering specks of blood flew far away and splashed, dying the entire surrounding surface blood red….

Yun Che: “!!!!”

The two from Xiao Sect, Xiao Ba and Xiao Jiu, were superpowers for the Xiao Sect Master’s son, yet one had his body split open instantaneously, and the other had his body instantaneously explode. They were both unexpectedly killed instantly all under Jasmine’s hand, yet there weren’t any signs of apparent struggle. Perhaps even until their death, they still wouldn’t understand how they had died.

Furthermore, the way they had died was more miserable than the other. This Yun Che with two lifetimes had killed countless people so he was long accustomed to gore and cruelty, for when facing the people he extremely hated, his way of handling them was equally as sinister. Yet never was there a time that he could be as savage as she was to arbitrary kill people as she pleased… To be more precise, he didn’t actually have the ability to do so. This red haired girl who claimed to be “Jasmine”, who exactly was she….

“Uuaah.…”

A painful moan suddenly came out from Jasmine’s mouth as her petite body instantly squatted on the floor, and started to shiver all over.

Xiao Ba had became a lump of mincemeat while Xiao Jiu had became a pool of bloody water. Yun Che suddenly understood why she had claimed to be the “Blood-Soaked Jasmine”; from her way of killing, one could imagine how many people she had killed, and how brutally her victims died under her hand. She was clearly only a girl that had not yet grown up, but from her actions, it was as if she was a heartlessly ruthless god of death.

Yun Che’s inner heart uncontrollably gave birth to a cold and icy fear. Looking at her painful expression, Yun Che hesitated for a moment but still walked two steps forward and said: “You clearly could have used only the smallest of power to killed him, yet you wanted him to die without a full corpse… Your soul is now infected with a unique poison, once you use your profound strength, this poison will take advantage of it and enter, to devour your soul…”

“Awooooo~~~”

A long wolf howl suddenly sounded out from behind Yun Che, and this howl was obviously extremely close… so close that it was right beside his ear. Yun Che immediately spun around and sure enough, on his right, he saw a mature wolf covered in grey fur that had unknowingly appeared twenty feet from him that stared at him with savage eyes.

Wild wolf!!

Yun Che’s heart suddenly became alarmed.… This was the borderline of the town, how could there a wild wolf even appear! Even though this wild wolf was only a normal beast, it was still a wolf, and it was in a place that was impossible for it to be in.

Wait… The wind was still currently blowing, and Xiao Ba was turned into mincemeat earlier, so if the scent of blood was carried by the wind… there was a high chance of it attracting blood-thirsty profound beasts! This wild wolf that had suddenly appeared didn’t even give Yun Che enough time to react or think; it growled once to then charge in a straight line, leaping at a distance of around seven steps straight towards Yun Che. Its glittering cold sharp claws were sufficient enough to immediately shred his body.

What Yun Che had said previously wasn’t wrong at all. In order for Jasmine to enter the Sky Poison Pearl, she sucked Yun Che’s blood, thus attaching her life to his, and therefore Yun Che’s life also became her life. If Yun Che died, she will die as well; even if she did not die, if she lost the Sky Poison Pearl, her soul would scatter in a short period of time due to the poison in her body.

Therefore, seeing the wolf pouncing towards Yun Che, a hint of murderous intent flashed across Jasmine’s eyes, and raging profound energy began to condense in her hand… But in the moment she used her profound strength, she felt as if she was being pierced by thousands of arrows. Her entire body became stiff and a painful whine came out from her mouth as all the condensed profound energy from before, dispersed. Her entire body started to twitch from the pain, her body suddenly blurred, becoming clear at times, yet also indistinct in others, as if she was only an illusion….

When she first used her strength to cut down Xiao Ba, she felt the strong rebound effect of the Absolute God Slaying Poison, and the second usage of her profound strength to exterminate Xiao Jiu multiplied the rebound effect. Channeling her profound strength again this time activated the deadly poison in her body, and it started to devour her soul frantically, like a snake that had just awakened from its slumber. Let alone attack the wolf, she was already incapable of standing upright. Faced with the poison’s outbreak, her half transparent body seemed as if it may possibly vanish like smoke into thin air.

“Don’t use your profound energy!!”

As he looked at Jasmine’s body that was appearing now and then, Yun Che started to frown. Meanwhile the wild wolf overhead, began to drop head first, its razor sharp teeth coming closer and closer to his eyes….

Slash!!

The clothes on his right shoulder were ferociously ripped apart as it almost injured the flesh. Yun Che who had dangerously dodged a sudden right pounce didn’t wait to get up and instead used all the strength in his right hand that was tightly clenched and swung in the direction of the grey wolf. The lump of powder that he had prepared to use on Xiao Ba accurately scattered on the head of the wild wolf who had just landed.

The wild wolf suddenly gave a mournful roar, and its body collapsed mid roar as its claws desperately clawed at its own eyes. Yun Che immediately stood up and quickly grab the dagger Jasmine had thrown on the floor earlier. He suddenly gritted his teeth and using all his strength to pounce back towards the wild wolf, with the intention of piercing its throat by using the dagger in his hand.

Although wild wolves were normal beasts, their skin and bones were all extremely sturdy. When a normal person used their entire strength to pierce its throat, the result would just be a mere flesh wound that wouldn’t harm its life but instead would agitate its aggressiveness. Yun Che’s dagger came down at an extreme speed and the place it landed was unwaveringly locked within his line of sight… The dagger accurately went through the space between the throat bones of the wild wolf and sliced open its throat.

The wild wolf’s roar began to lose power. It’s entire body violently twitched before collapsing on the ground without a sound.

“Phew…” Yun Che let out a deep sigh of relief and stretched out his hand to wipe his forehead filled with sweat. Although his strength was low and his body was weak, his battle experience and eyesight were still there. The fact that the him, who previously disdained the entire world, had such difficulty with an extremely normal wild wolf, made him involuntarily reveal a bitter smile.

With an expression of pain on her face, Jasmine was like wounded kitten as she laid curled up on the floor, while her body still continued to flash like before. After Yun Che caught his breath, he got up and went to her side. He placed his left hand on her shoulder, released the detoxification power of the Sky Poison Pearl quickly, and restrained the poison that raged within her body and soul.

Absolute Divine Slaying Poison… what kind of poison was it exactly! That it would go as far as to take the life of this girl with monstrous power.

The pain in Jasmine’s small face finally started to lessen, however her body was still alternating between clear and indistinct. Furthermore, the rate of it changing started to get more and more frequent, as it clearly showed signs of dissipating… At this moment, Jasmine suddenly raised her face, stretched out her hand and immediately grabbed onto Yun Che’s right wrist;she parted her tender lips, and used her snow white teeth to firmly bite his forefinger.

The pain from his finger caused Yun Che’s face to distort; he felt his finger get bitten by sharp teeth, and the blood droplets that seeped out were all sucked into Jasmine’s mouth. Compared to the fear of his blood being sucked by her the first time, Yun Che was much calmer now, he didn’t struggle at all and also let her bite his finger in anyway she wanted. The soft and warm feeling of a small tongue was pressing against the tip of his finger firmly, giving him an indescribable feeling of enjoyment under his acute pain….

Along with droplets of blood being sucked into Jasmine’s mouth, the rate of change in Jasmine’s body started to slow down, before finally stopping half a minute later. Although her face was still pale white, Jasmine removed her teeth from his finger afterwards, for at least, she was no longer in pain.

Yun Che took a step back, looked at the bite mark on forefinger on his right hand that was still oozing with blood, and spoke while breathing in the cold air: “Are you… related to a dog! To bite me every time you see me!”

Jasmine stretched out her small hand and gently wipe the corners of her mouth, as her young and tender face still lingered with fear. She gritted her teeth slightly, frowned and said coldly: “Isn’t that because you’re useless! If not how would this princess be forced to end up like this!”

“Me useless?” Yun Che laughed at himself: “Heh, compared to you, I am indeed useless. A normal wild wolf could easily take my life. If you had not saved me twice, I would have already died under the hands of the two you had killed just now… But, no matter how useless I am, I did save your life twice. If you had not met me that night, you would have already been poisoned to death. Just now, if I have abandoned you, a dangerous little girl, and walked away, your soul could have already dispersed. When you’re saying that I am useless, have you ever thought about thanking me?”

Jasmine kept silent.

“Being able to meet the Sky Poison Pearl at the brink of death is counted as your blessing. However your luck clearly ends here; my profound vein has been crippled, if I don’t fix it, I will only stay at the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm my entire life. You are infected with a deadly poison so you cannot, anyhow, use your power and with only my strength, when facing a bigger danger, I could perish any moment, to thus drag you down with me.” Yun Che indifferently said as he used his hand to hold the finger that had eventually stopped bleeding.

Jasmine continue to keep silent; however the expression in her eyes kept changing, as if she was hesitating or struggling over something.

“But you don’t have to worry, I will try my best to find a way to fix my own profound vein… No! I must find a way! Before that happens, I will take care to protect my own life.” Xiao Che said with a calm and determined face. In his mind, appeared the figure of Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi once again. For them, he had to walk down this extremely challenging path within the fastest speed, no matter the cost.

“Fix your profound vein?” A disdainful smile emerged from the girl’s face: “I’ve already taken a look at your profound vein; it wasn’t damaged recently, but was seriously damaged when you were little and it was before the complete formation of your profound vein, thus it was destroyed at the roots. As of today, your profound veins are crippled beyond comparison! With this kind of situation, there is indeed a way to forcefully fix it; however even after you fix it, you can at most only open up three Profound Entrances! Furthermore, you had already miss the fourteen year old critical period of elementary profound foundation; with this state, in ten years, you won’t even be able to break through the Elementary Profound Realm! In addition, you also will not be able to break through the Nascent Profound Realm your entire life… and still remain, as before, a useless trash!”

Jasmine’s words caused Yun Che’s expression to suddenly turn rigid and both his hands began to clench. Jasmine’s words stabbed at the truth he had always been avoiding in his heart… Just like she had said, his profound vein had been crippled at its roots; even if he knew the way to fix it, he could only fix a small portion of it, so his profound vein would still be half-crippled. Due to the fact that he had missed the most critical foundation period, not only would the speed of his profound strength cultivation g will be extremely slower, compared to others people by a multiplicative degree, but also… it was practically impossible to break through into the True Profound Realm.

Yun Che’s chest heavily undulated. Gritting his teeth, he said: “I will find a solution for all of that!”

“You wanted to collect all types of herbs and use the Sky Poison Pearl’s refinement ability to make every type of medicine, to make yourself stronger, right? It does seem like a good idea. However, with your laughable ability, what can you rely on to borrow those high grade herbs! Instead, you will be consigned to eternal damnation, thus dragging this princess to death with you!”

With complete set of clear eyes, Jasmine lifted her face, as if she had finally made a decision: “Keep your laughable ideas to yourself. You have saved this princess’ life, therefore this princess shall indeed repay you…. You only need to promise this princess three conditions. Then, this princess will immediately let you have….. A new set of profound veins….”

Under Yun Che’s startled gaze, Jasmine’s expression in her eyes became deep and mysterious, as her voice suddenly became softer: “A set of profound veins with the strength of a god!”





Chapter 43 – Master Jasmine (2)


To immediately have a new set of profound veins…

Profound veins with the strength of a god!?

Jasmine’s few sentences were like a sudden clap of thunder to the Yun Che who had endlessly desired a way to repair his profound veins.

He told Xiao Lingxi that he’d definitely become strong and return within three years of time… yet was very clear about the condition of his profound vein and understood that the repairing of his profound veins, within three years, was very unlikely. The reason why he made such a claim, was to pressure himself to the limit. Only through such conviction can one achieve their maximum potential.

And right now, Jasmine has clearly stated that… She could immediately provide Yun Che with a new set of profound veins! Furthermore, this new set of profound veins also came with the strength of a god!

He did not know what the “Strength of a God” Jasmine had spoke of, but the three words, “New Profound Veins” , caused his heart to fill with excitement. He suppressed this excitement, and stared at Jasmine: “You are… speaking the truth?”

“What reason would I, this princess, have to lie to you?” said the girl, her face pink with pride.

Yun Che didn’t know what to say… Indeed, given the terrible might of her Emperor Profound Realm level of power, there would be no reason for her to waste her efforts in deceiving a normal person, let alone a cripple! To let a person acquire a new set of Profound Veins within a short period of time, in the eyes of a normal person, even in the eyes of the “exceptionally skilled spirit doctor” Yun Che, would be nothing short of a miracle. But as Jasmine uttered those words, there was not even a hint of deception from her aura.

However, her red hair gave away the fact she was not a human from the Profound Sky Continent, for her age was fairly young, her aura terrifying, and the poison on her person was something even the Sky Poison Pearl could not identify… How many other mysteries does she still have??

Maybe, she really had a strange method that could allow him to obtain a new set of profound veins in such a short period of time… If that really was possible, then he would have a surefire chance to realize the promise he made to Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi.

As he thought about it, Yun Che’s gaze started to burn: “Okay… then tell me, what are the three conditions I have to promise you?”

Jasmine knew he definitely couldn’t reject her offer so she just cut to the chase and directly answered: “The first condition, you must promise to help this princess find three items… They are: A stalk of Netherworld Udumbara Flower, three Profound Beast Pellets no lower than that of the Tyrant Profound Realm as well as… At least thirty five kilos of Purple Veined God Crystal!”

(TL: Udumbara reference)

Yun Che listened very carefully… When Jasmine had said until the “Netherworld Udumbara Flower”, his eyebrows went limp. He had heard of the name “Netherworld Udumbara Flower” from his master before, however he had never seen it before. When his master had told him about it that time, the Netherworld Udumbara Flower was an object of Yin and evil in the world; it only grew in dark and cold lands, its stem and leaves are of a purplish black color, and it took an entire twenty four years to only bloom once, the bloomed flower was of an extremely pretty and flirtatious bright purple color. On its petals lingered a light purple mist that carried the breath of the netherworld, and while that mist drifted, it still faintly lets out the crying and laughing sounds of the nether ghosts. The flower withered three days after blooming, thus one would have to wait twenty fours later for it to bloom once more.

His master had not mentioned the usefulness of the Netherworld Udumbara Flower; he only said that if a normal person gets close to it, he would get invaded by the nether gases, ending in a coma in light cases and death in the worst.

Going to a dark and cold land to find a stalk of flower that only bloomed once every twenty four years, that could cause death when approaching it… Yun Che moved his eyebrows and did not overreact. If Jasmine could really bestow on him a new set of profound veins, this request was not considered unreasonable…

However the second item Jasmine had said almost caused him to cry out involuntarily…

Three Profound Beast pellets no lower than the Tyrant Profound Realm!! Are you kidding me!?

What was the Tyrant Profound Realm? That was a legendary realm that numerous profound practitioners could not attain, a realm so high up that they couldn’t even see it. If one looked within the entire Blue Wind Empire, there were a few in the Emperor Profound Realm; however, it was confirmed that none were in the Tyrant Profound Realm! Experts in the Emperor Profound Realm were known to reach the “Throne”, while for the Tyrant Profound Realm, they were known as a “Tyrant”; this meant that once one attained this realm, one would be the absolute ruler of heaven and earth, that none could ever defy!

Let’s not speak of the present Blue Wind Empire now; even within an entire thousand years, an ultimate expert of the Tyrant Profound Realm had never appeared within the Blue Wind Empire.

And with just a word from Jasmine, she wanted three Profound Beast Pellet no lower than the Tyrant Profound Realm! To get these three pellets, he must kill three Tyrant Profound Beasts! The first problem would be where he would find the three Tyrant Profound Beasts… Within the Blue Wind Empire, who would even dare to offend a Tyrant Profound Beast?

Above the Emperor Profound Realm, every step up brings one closer to Heaven. Even five people at the peak of the Emperor Profound Realm had no chance of winning against someone at the first level of the Tyrant Profound Realm. With that said, it meant that even if all the Emperor Profound Realm experts of Blue Wind Empire gathered together, they still would not be able to deal with even one Tyrant Profound Beast. Three Profound Beast pellets no lower than Tyrant Profound Realm… one would reckon that the heads of the four major sects would fly into a outrage after hearing this request.

And as for the third item Jasmine had mentioned, Yun Che nearly fell on his butt in shock.

At least thirty five kilos of Purple Veined God Crystal… It was Purple Veined God Crystal, not Purple Veined Heaven Crystal! Purple Veined Heaven Crystals were considered to be priceless treasures in this world. A piece of Purple Veined Heaven Crystal as big as a fingernail was considered to be invaluable, and only those huge sects deserved to have it; normal profound practitioners did not even dare to think about having one. Purple Veined God Crystals are made by extracting from Purple Veined Heaven Crystals; a house sized Purple Veined Heaven Crystal was estimated to only provide a Purple Veined God Crystal that was the size of a fingernail.

In that case, 35 kilos of Purple Veined God Crystal…

“~!@#$%…”

Yun Che had the reason to believe that even if one added up all the Purple Veined God Crystals in the entire Profound Sky Continent, it would not even total 35 kilos. And if there really existed this amount of Purple Veined God Crystal, in that case, its value would be enough to buy at least three Blue Wind Empires!

“Are… you… sure… you aren’t… teasing me?” When Yun Che spoked, air kept leaking out between his teeth. He believed anyone in the Blue Wind Empire would be shocked that they would end in a stutter if they heard this request.

The expression on Jasmine’s face had no trace of joking around. She coldly stared and said: “The poison has invaded my soul; even with the Sky Poison Pearl, it would take a number of years before it would detoxify completely. After the poison on me had detoxified, I would have to rebuild my body. And these three items are necessary for me to rebuild my body, not a single one is dispensable!”

“… Then the time?”

“Thirty years!”

Thirty years? This timing finally let Yun Che let out a small sigh and slowly nodded his head: “Okay! I agreed to this condition!”

Rubbish! Thirty years was still a long time, so if course it would be thought about after making the promise. As for the Netherworld Udumbara Flower, the Tyrant Profound Beast’s pellets and thirty five kilos of Purple Veined God Crystal… anyway there was still thirty years! It shall be done one step at a time.

“As for the second condition?” Yun Che held his breath and asked, if the first condition was already so scary, then the second one might be be even more terrifying.

“The second condition; you must, within thirty years, reach the Sovereign Profound Realm!” Jasmine said slowly and clearly, while looking at Yun Che’s expression.

“~!@#$%%…” Yun Che suddenly had the urge to pin little Jasmine on the floor and start spanking her!

He started to suspect that this little girl was actually just teasing him!!

“I’m not sure about the Profound Sky Continent… But looking at the history of the Blue Wind Empire, no one has ever attained the Sovereign Profound Realm within thirty years… Or to be more precise, no one has ever attained the Sovereign Profound Realm before.” Yun Che said as a matter of fact. However the corners of his lips twitched faintly, revealing the resentment in his heart.

“Then, will you agree or not?” Jasmine tilted her eyebrows.

“Agree, of course I agree!” Yun Che replied without hesitation, withdrawing the previous expressions he had on his face. Within his eyes laid a kind of tranquil and calmness that was its peak: “Your first condition, perhaps I still feel a bit apprehensive. However this condition, was not really counted as a condition to me. As for why I say that, no one in the history of Blue Wind Empire could attain Sovereign Profound Realm in thirty years. If I was given the same starting points as everyone else, I would overturn the history of the Blue Wind Empire! I have the Sky Poison Pearl in my body, so if I lose to anyone on the Blue Wind Empire, then that would be considered to be really… trashy!”

“Thirty years to reach the Sovereign Profound Realm… It’s definitely not some idiotic nonsense!” Yun Che narrowed his eyes in half, his voice as calm as the water.

He had thought that after saying these impassioned and blood boiling words, the little Jasmine would look at him a few more times with extraordinary splendor, but to Yun Che’s disappointment, Jasmine only slightly nodded her head. He felt depressed and asked: “However, why do you want me to attain the Sovereign Profound Realm within thirty years?”

“A human’s vitality is related to their own Profound Strength. This princess’ weak body currently originates from your vitality. This princess wants to rebuild her body and retain her previous strength, so I* must at least have the vitality of the Sovereign Profound Realm!” Jasmine said calmly.

Yun Che nodded his head as if he understood… then he suddenly became alarmed…

At least the vitality of the Sovereign Profound Realm, then she could retain her strength after rebuilding her body and merging with her soul… In that case, this means… her previous strength…

Was above the Sovereign Profound Realm!?!?

No! No that can’t be! That definitely can’t be possible! I must have interpreted it wrongly! Yun Che shook his head, trying to shake off this ridiculous thought. Jasmine’s gaze once again landed on his body, becoming strict and proud: “The third condition… Kneel down and worship me as your master!”

“……”

“…………”

Yun Che looked at her blankly without uttering a single word for quite a while.

“Are you willing to?” Jasmine raised her eyebrows slightly, her small face beautiful and tender, yet masked with a layer of awe that would cause one’s heart to palpitate.

“… How old are you this year?” Yun Che asked with a face at a loss.

Jasmine’s gaze hardened but still answered him: “Thirteen years old.”

“Thirteen… years old…” This answer completely corresponded with her appearance, but it cause Yun Che’s inner heart to shudder and groan: “Thirteen years old! Fuck! She was actually only thirteen years old! This frightening profound strength, wisdom, and mature attitude that spoke as if she was proud of one’s age and experience; I was under the impression that she was a grandma of a few hundred of years… She was actually only thirteen years old!!

However Yun Che changed his line of thought and his inner heart suddenly relaxed… If she was really only thirteen years old, then no matter how scary her profound strength was, no matter how noble and mysterious her birth was, no matter how cruel and proud she was, no matter how mature her thinking was… she at most only had up to thirteen years of experience! Compared to the him with the memory of two lifetimes, he would still have a way to deal with her! No matter how big and strong she was, in the end, she was still just a little girl that had not yet grown up.

“Is it because after you knew this princess is only thirteen years old so you suddenly felt it is easier to handle this princess?” Jasmine squinted her eyes and said coldly.

This sentence directly stabbed into Yun Che’s heart. Yun Che quickly shook his head: “Of course not. The reason why I asked for your age is because I wanted to tell you that I’m sixteen this year, and is older than you by three years. Your age is a bit younger than mine; so, to be my master, isn’t it… a little inappropriate?”

“Age?” Jasmine laughed disdainfully: “Even when the experts of this continent knelt down in front of this princess for the past ten years, this princess will not even look at them. This princess is now giving you a favor by offering to be your master, yet you still want to reject?”

“…” That tone was so overbearing that Yun Che started to feel suffocated.

Yun Che immediately made a decision on the spot and nodded his head: “Okay, I can worship you as my master, but I will never kowtow to you.”

“Reason.” Jasmine said plainly.

“I can kneel to my elders, kneel to my benefactor… even kneeling to my wife is a possibility if required, but to kneel to a little girl that I had just met a few days, I cannot do it. This is the basic dignity of being a man!” Yun Che shook his head, his voice firmly absolutely.

“Hee…” Jasmine laughed, her laugh was as beautiful as blooming jasmines, yet her voice appeared to be cold and sinister: “This is not up to you!”

Once her voice had landed, Jasmine’s right hand had already grabbed Yun Che’s shoulder as quick as lightning… Instantly, Yun Che felt as if he was pressed down by a mountain, his knees bended under a huge amount of force that was impossible to resist, and knelt down on the floor, heavily, in front of Jasmine.

“You!” Yun Che revealed an expression of rage and wanted to stand up… However under Jasmine’s strength, he absolutely did not have any strength to fight back; even when using all the strength in his body, he was incapable of making his body stand.

“Immediately kowtow to this princess and this princess will officially become your master; not only would your change your profound vein change, you shall be guided onto the right path during your cultivation of the profound.”

While struggling, Jasmine’s cold and proud voice sounded out beside Yun Che’s ears, he shook his head forcefully and muttered: “You… you give up on it! Even if I don’t get the profound vein… I will definitely not… kowtow… to a little girl like you!!”

Before Yun Che could complete his words, a wave of heavy force caused his upper body to be pressed down onto the floor. Jasmine lifted a snow white foot that was like a ice lotus, and stepped on Yun Che’s shoulder with a miniscule amount of strength; a “crack” sound of dislocating bones was heard soon after. Yun Che’s head that had been tenaciously lifted up was ruthlessly knocked on the cold soil… completing the kowtow ceremony.

Jasmine’s small foot continued to step on Yun Che shoulder without moving away, with her hands across her chest, ridiculing him: “Did you think that your bones are strong, that you are extraordinary? Without strength, you don’t even have the ability to refuse to kowtow to me. What rights do you have to act haughty in front of me? Without strength, your pride and dignity are nothing but a joke in front of the strong!”

Jasmine’s words were like a bucket of cold water that splashed on Yun Che’s head without mercy, causing him to be stumped for words. He then laughed, laughed at himself silently… That’s right, without strength, what right did he have to talk about pride and dignity… With the appearance of believing what he did was proud just now, in the eyes of Jasmine, must have been extremely ridiculous…

“Even though it wasn’t willingly, but you finally still kowtowed. From now onwards, this princess will be your master. Since this princess is your master now, do you have any questions you want to ask?” Jasmine continued to step on Yun Che shoulder, as she looked down on him from above.

“… Yes!” Yun Che lifted his face, his gaze lifting upwards, replying with difficulty: “I want to ask… Did your hair not grow in time… or… are you a natural white tiger?”

(TL: Natural lack of hair down there)

On the night Yun Che had met Jasmine, Jasmine’s body had disappeared, and left a pile of clothes on the floor. Yun Che only picked up her dress into the Sky Poison Pearl and covered it over her body; her undergarments had not been touched. After Jasmine woke up in the Sky Poison Pearl she naturally could only wear this white dress, leaving her private parts completely exposed…

When Jasmine stepped on his shoulder, her legs naturally parted and from Yun Che’s angle, the pink and tender area around her thighs, clearly showed the beautiful pink scenery among the white…





Chapter 44 – Immortal Blood of the Evil God


“??” Yun Che’s words made Jasmine freeze up. When she suddenly noticed the direction of Yun Che’s gaze, she finally realized……

“YEEEEK!!!!”

Jasmine jumped backwards like a bolt of lightning, her two small hands reflexively pressing down hard on her skirt. In just an instant, her snow white face brimmed full with exasperation… panic…. and also a spread of rapidly expanding pinkness.

That’s right, this aloof and proud girl that acted with utmost cruelty was actually panicking and blushing. Right now, her panicked and enraged expressions, her reddened face, and her action of holding down her skirt was no different from a normal girl that had suddenly been peeked on. Moreover, there was a stirring charm that no other girl could’ve exhibited, which dazed Yun Che for a while as he looked…. Of course, if there weren’t such a bone-chilling killing intent mixed in with that, it would’ve been completely perfect.

Jasmine’s face was full of anger; her two pearl like molars that tightly clenched together flickered with cold light, and the expressions in her eyes were even more ferocious, as if she wanted to skin him alive. She grew up bathed in the respect, worship and fear of others. Except her family, it would be hard to find a few who would dare to meet her in the eyes. She had never thought, that her body would actually be desecrated by a common man, moreover by an utterly good-for-nothing!

The killing intent surrounding Yun Che was terrifying enough to be compared to tangible blades, as if the owner of the killing intent would completely tear him to pieces in the next second. Yet Yun Che’s complexion didn’t waver; he exercised his neck that almost got dislocated by Jasmine’s feet, and said straightforwardly as he stood up while slapping the dust off his buttocks: “I have agreed to all three of your conditions. Earlier you said that I would be granted a new set of Profound Veins, isn’t it about time for that to happen?”

Jasmin’s murderous aura didn’t diminish in the slightest as the crisp redness in her face eased. With her noble body, let’s not talk about completely desecrating her with one’s eye; even if someone had only touched her fingertips, she definitely would still chop him into pieces. However against Yun Che, though she had extreme hatred in her heart, with enough killing intent that could even reach the skies, she couldn’t do a single thing, because his life, was also her own.

“Eternally forget what you’ve just seen!” Jasmine’s expressions were ominous and cruel, with chilling killing intent as cold as ice. However, her visage was in all honestly, too petite and cute. Even if her expressions were much more malicious, it would still be remarkably pleasing to look at, which didn’t make Yun Che feel the slightest hint of deterrence: “If it’s not for me* sharing the same life as you, I* would’ve definitely gouged out your eyes, and made sure there won’t even be a grave for you to rest in!”

“….. I definitely didn’t see anything I shouldn’t have seen just now!” Yun Che said with a panicked expression, but quietly added in his heart: Mhm, everything I saw just now was something that I ought to have seen.

Facing the Yun Che that she couldn’t lay a hand on, Jasmine’s anger finally died down bit by bit, but her hands still consciously held down her skirt, anxious that even the slightest breeze would lift her skirt up. She coldly spoke: “I* will let you be my* disciple, but it’s only because I don’t want to teach the ways of the Profound to a random person for no reason. To be able to become my* disciple, it’s the biggest fortune you’ll have in your entire life. From now on, it is absolutely necessary for you to always address me as your Master.”

“Uh, this….” However Yun Che had a face full of hesitation.

“You’re not willing?” Jasmine’s moon like eyebrow slanted.

“Of course I’m not unwilling.” Yun Che shook his head, and said in a careful tone: “It’s just that, earlier I’ve told you that I had a master before, who passed the Sky Poison Pearl onto me. My previous master was a kind looking old man with white hair, and I’ve already called him “master” for many years. So everytime the word “master” is mentioned, I would unconsciously think of him. But since you are so beautifully cute, you definitely wouldn’t want me to overlap the image of of an old man with you every time I call you master, right?”

Jasmine: “….”

“How about I just call you Jasmine? That name’s cute, pleasing to the ears, and also fitting for you…. Or, I can also call you… little Jasmine? Little little Jasmine? Jasmine’er? Little Jasmin’er? JazJaz? Little JazJaz? Little MinMin? Calling you princess, your majesty, or princess Jasmine is also okay, or….”

Jasmine’s eyebrows slightly convulsed and the edge of her lips also lightly spasmed. Unable to endure anymore, she finally spoke: “You can call me* Jasmine, but you must not forget in your heart that I’m your master! Furthermore, you must not forget your duty and place as my* disciple!”

“Alright!” Yun Che nodded immediately, and faithfully said: “If Jasmine can really grant me a new set of Profound Veins, I will treat you as my master, respect you, be obedient to you, and follow your orders. I’ll do my outmost to purify all the poison in you, and help you restore your physical body.”

Yun Che’s last sentence made Jasmine’s gaze waver. Then, her voice frosted with hidden killing intent: “Also, you are not allowed do any disrespectful things to me, or else…”

“That’s certain.” Yun Che said with a sincere expression: “What happened just now was just an acciden-…”

“Be quiet!” As she heard Yun Che mention the incident where she had been sullied by his eyes earlier, a burst of embarrassment and anger overcame Jasmine, and her tone of voice also weakened quite a bit.

“Ah.” Yun Che quickly stopped talking, and lead the topic to the one that he desired the most: “Then, about granting me a new set of Profound Veins, can we start now?”

Jasmine stayed silent for a while and said: “Bring me* to a place that no one will come near.”

Since it was also Yun Che’s first time stepping into Cyan Forest Town, he was entirely unfamiliar with the surroundings, and the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range were even more obscure to him. Yun Che’s digestive tract was rumbling with hunger by now, but Jasmine’s words made him so excited that he completely ignored his hunger. He carefully walked deeper into Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range after detouring around a small mountain, he arrived at an area with thick green grass. Seeing that there was no sign of human or beast activity, Yun Che stopped his search.

“Let it be this place…. no one should come here, right?” Yun Che swept the surroundings with his eye, and said with indecision.

“Jasmine, in the end, how are you going to do this?” Yun Che asked. After all, getting a new set of Profound Veins in a short time seemed to be against common sense, no matter what angle it was considered from.

Jasmine, who had followed behind Yun Che all along, slowly came over. Although her feet were exposed, they weren’t contaminated by even the slightest hint of soil and dust along the way. Her feet were so tender and snow-white, that they would give anyone the impulse to touch and feel them with a single glance. Stopping in front of Yun Che, her gaze stared far ahead, and her eyes lustered: “Do you know for what reason I* was chased, and infected by this terrifying poison afterwards?”

“For what reason?” Yun Che asked in coordination.

“Because of….. this drop of blood!”

In Yun Che’s bewilderment, Jasmine slowly lifted her right hand. Her thin and delicate index finger erected toward the sky, and from the area of her fingertips, a drop of a dark-red water droplet-like object slowly rose accompanied by a shimmering ball of eerie light, until it hovered over her fingertips.

“This…. is?” Yun Che came closer and steadied his eyes…. It looked like, a drop of blood?

“Three hundred years ago, someone found an ancient book while exploring an dangerous ruin from the Ancient Era. There recorded a message: “In the Primordial Era, there existed a true god also known as the “Evil God”. He was the last god who remained after the downfall of the Divine Era. His downfall marked the true end of Divine Era. And during the Evil God’s downfall, he left a droplet of immortal blood that embodied his source of power….”

“If one could acquire this drop of immortal blood and infuse it into their body, their Profound Veins would be able generate the power of the Evil God!”

“Many people quickly gained knowledge about this record; the words ‘Power of the True God’ was irresistibly alluring to everyone. Thus, many people started to madly search for the blood of the Evil God. But for centuries, no one had any success, and it was not until one month ago that someone found the location of the Evil God’s downfall. Hence, innumerous people rushed to that place in order to find the remnants of the Evil God. Inadvertently, the legendary ‘Immortal Blood of the Evil God’ was actually found, and caused everyone to scramble for it….. But in the end, it fell into my hands.

“….. They chased you because you possessed the Blood of the Evil God?” Yun Che asked. At the same time, a wave of confusion passed though his heart…. Blood of the Evil God? Innumerous people fighting over it? If it were really such an uproar, how come I had never heard of this? Even the two words “Evil God” were news to me.

Also, things like the ancient true gods…. Actually exist?

“Hmph, actually daring to snatch my* possession, it’s like they’re simply asking for a death wish!” Jasmine’s eyes emitted a glint of malice, and spoke with hatred: “Only after I had acquired this blood of the Evil God, was I able to find out that the power hidden inside was entirely different from my expectations. There wasn’t even a trace of destructive power! If one injected it within themselves, it would only forcefully change the structure and attributes of the Profound Veins, and even erase all the built up strength in the old set of Profound Veins! Everything would have to start from scratch! That is all! Afterwards, the profound strength would still have to be trained by one’s self bit by bit!”

“At the very least, what people expected about the “Power of the True God” was fundamentally, not there at all. In fact, it was nothing more than a mere trace of the “Evil God” attribute! At most, it ought to be a little bit more powerful than an ordinary profound vein!

“I definitely couldn’t afford pay the price of having all of my current powers erased just to use this blood droplet of the Evil God. But using it on you, it seemed like it couldn’t be more fitting.” Jasmine moved her finger, and made the tranquil droplet of dark-red colored blood hover in front of Yun Che’s chest: “Your Profound Veins were broken from the start, and your profound power amounts to nothing. After infusing you with the blood of the Evil God, your Profound Veins will be quickly reborn into the Evil God’s Profound Veins! Although I couldn’t feel much power from this blood droplet of the Evil God, there still could be a chance that it’ll grant you some kind of special power from the Evil God’s Profound Veins! Even if not, you wouldn’t stay as a good for nothing anymore!”

As she spoke, Jasmine’s eye suddenly flashed and brightened, as she lowered her luminous snow-white wrist. Her delicate fingertips suddenly stimulated the blood of the “Evil God” to float adrift and pierce into Yun Che’s chest. The pit of Yun Che’s chest immediately split open to reveal a bloodstain, and the sinister scarlet blood droplet touched Yun Che’s overflowing blood, as if it were attracted. In a flash, it entered Yun Che’s body….





Chapter 45 – Rebirth of the Profound Veins


The moment the dark-red drop of blood entered Yun Che’s body, tens of bloodstain-like crimson lines wildly fanned throughout his body, originating from the blood print in his chest. The lines spread across his whole body in an instant. His chest, hands, legs, face, ears, and even pupils were now full of blood colored channels that looked like demonic markings.

“Ughhhhhhh…”

At that instant, Yun Che felt as he was stabbed by tens of thousands of blades. Immense agony fiercely beamed from every single corner of his body, and made him let out a painful whine. His entire body started to shake tremendously, as his vision also became blurry, until it completely became a shade of crimson red.

A wave of pain emanated from a force digesting the insides of his body…. Yun Che knew the human anatomy like the back of his hand; the parts that were being digested, was doubtlessly his broken Profound Veins! The function of Profound Veins were to hold profound strength; so even if there were no profound veins, a person could still live, and just won’t be able to cultivate even the slightest amount of profound energy. Although profound veins do not affect one’s life and death, it still was a part of the body. The broken profound veins continuously being eaten away was not unlike internal organs that were being slowly ripped apart and shredded; and one could only imagine that degree of misery.

Jasmine had just said before, that this drop of Evil God’s immortal blood would devour the previously present Profound Veins, and give birth to new Profound Veins…. Since my Profound Veins are being devoured right now, then it meant that Jasmine wasn’t lying earlier…. If it really can form a new set of Profound Veins, how could I not bear this little bit of pain!!

The indescribable pain continued. It was a pain that no real word could express, a pain that far surpassed a human’s capability to endure. This pain continued and continued on…. The devouring speed of the broken Profound Vein was extremely slow. At this rate, it would at least take half a quarter of an hour to finish.

I don’t need anything like the Evil God’s power, nor do I need a Profound Vein stronger than common people. If I could just get the same Profound Veins as everyone else…. I won’t have any complaints, even if it’s a little weaker…. If that could come true, even if it’s ten times more painful, I would still definitely do it!!

Terrifying pain made all the nerves in Yun Che’s body fiercely spasm, but in his heart was a haze of tranquility…. or even, excitement!

As Jasmine forced the Evil God’s blood into Yun Che’s body, her lips curled up, and revealed a very…. gleeful smile at his agony.

Recalling the memories she obtained from this drop of immortal blood, she knew it would start to forcefully devour the original Profound Vein the moment it entered the body…. And while devouring the Profound Veins, the process would be as if one’s profound vein was being cut off.. minced… cut off… minced over and over again….. This was undoubtedly an inhumane torture, an ultimate kind of pain that would even make the world’s strongest beings roll on the floor and shriek.

Did you think I would really just forgive you for sullying my body with your eyes earlier? This blood of the Evil God would indeed grant you new Profound Veins, but it’ll also bequeath you with the most brutal punishment in my stead!!

Jasmine cruelly smiled as she saw the red demonic marks all over his body; as she saw his eyes suddenly turned crimson; as she saw his whole body tremble; as she saw his face contorting in pain…. Slowly, her smile chilled down and disappeared, and what replaced it was an face that expressed an ever-increasing shock.

His four limbs trembled, his whole body spasmed, and his facial features were more so bunched up together in contortion. On his forehead, bean sized beads of sweat slid down in a terrifying fast speed…. It was impossible to imagine how considerable the pain must be for the body to react in such a startling fashion.

However, aside from that first moan, Yun Che didn’t utter a single sound of pain afterwards; not even a single trace!

As time ticked away, one minute…. three minutes…. five minutes…… Jasmine’s expression eventually changed into complete astonishment.

Devouring the Profound Vein…. Under such frightening agony, he actually still didn’t let out a single roar of pain!

Sweat already permeated through Yun Che’s entire body as every spot of his skin and flesh trembled in pain. Yet between his clenched teeth, the fact that no sound had escaped, was extremely shocking. In his distorted face, there actually hid a little….. excitement!

He obviously ought to be in enough pain to wish for death as an escape…. How could this reaction be possible!

How could he, a common man with a broken Profound Vein, have such daunting willpower?!

Wrong! Was this really the willpower a human could possess?! That kind of pain, even if it were my father, would not even be able to bear it as leisurely as he is!

This ordinary, mortal man…. a person fused with Sky Poison Pearl…. What exactly is he….

At this time Jasmine realized, in her shock, that she had entirely, and unfairly looked down on him… His body was weak, and his profound strength was meager; but at this time, he exhibited a terrifying willpower that was at a complete disparity with what he had. Before, she had always wondered why the Sky Poison Pearl, being one of the Heavenly Profound Treasures, would actually fuse with such a inferior and lowly human. But now, she had started to feel… that it seemed the Sky Poison Pearl didn’t actually lose its spirituality, nor had the Sky Poison Pearl’s spirituality gone mad…..

Half a quarter of an hour went by….

At this time, the demonic marks all over Yun Che’s body suddenly twinkled with red luminescence, and his contorted face finally started to slowly ease down.

The Profound Vein’s devourment had finished. What had followed, was the construction of the new set of Profound Veins.

From the areas that had been devoured, he felt the growth of the new Profound Veins, and the growth speed was extremely fast; over ten times faster than the speed of devourment. The hollowed feeling from just before was quickly replaced by a new feeling of fullness, and the pain he had experienced also dissipated like the ocean’s tide.

His sweat no longer flowed and his muscle spasms stopped; even his expression became calm. Yun Che closed his eyes, and remained motionless. If one looked carefully, they would see a gentle smile hanging from the edge of his lips.

In the quiet stillness, Yun Che switched on his inner vision, and joyfully looked at the rapidly growing Profound Veins in his body. At this moment, he had lost any doubt of Jasmine’s words. The rebirth of Profound Veins; this unimaginable miracle had clearly and truly took place in his body.

A human’s Profound Veins starts growing from the time of birth, and reaches maturity at around the age of fourteen. However his newly born Profound Veins were like bamboo shoots after a spring rain, and completely developed in less than two minutes.

The fully shaped Profound Veins’ size and shape were all the same as in Yun Che’s knowledge of a human’s Profound Veins, at least, he couldn’t find a single disparity when using his inner vision. Under his fastidious senses, the locations of the Fifty-four Profound Entrances were quickly found…. Even the distribution and sensations were no different than an ordinary person’s profound veins.

At the same time, out of the Fifty-four Profound Entrances, a total of eleven opened. Speaking from the standpoint of talent, it was a little above mediocre. Among them, there contained not the slightest amount of any hidden profound strength: the zeroth level of Elementary Profound Realm.

There was none of the so called power of the Evil God, nor were there any different attributes; it was absolutely the most ordinary of Profound Veins. But Yun Che didn’t even possess a sliver of disappointment. His heart was overwhelmingly ecstatic with joy, and his blood boiled within his entire body…. Because these were perfectly complete, reborn profound veins, without the slightest degree of any scratch or any damage!

This meant that he could finally graduate from being an eternally useless wastrel that couldn’t advance further than the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm.

Despite being still far from his goal, his pledge to make the entire Xiao Sect kneel before him in under three years, was no longer as difficult as reaching the heavens!

Grandfather, little aunt, I’m finally no longer a useless trash. If you knew about this, you would definitely be overjoyed…. Wait for me. In under three years, I’ll definitely return to your side, then never let you suffer humiliation and oppression ever again. I’ll make those people who mistreated you pay the cost, hundreds of thousands of times more!

Yun Che howled loudly in his heart.

At this time, the crimson colored demonic marking stopped shimmering, and instantaneously vanished altogether. Along with it, Yun Che finally opened his eyes.

“How does the reborn Profound Vein feel?” Jasmine narrowed her eyes that glinted like a star…. During this period of time, she had thoroughly observed him for a while now. He was only three years older than her, and should still be considered a half grown child. Other than his pretty good looks, he had nothing else worthy of note…. But how could he possess such a horrifying willpower? Had he actually experienced hell before?

“It really succeeded!” Yun Che tightened both of his hands into fists, as he said that with excitement. Right after, his tone changed and said with confusion: “However, are you sure this is the so-called ‘Profound Veins of the Gods’? It clearly wasn’t any different when compared to regular Profound Veins.

“How many Profound Gates were opened?” Jasmine didn’t answer his question, but questioned back.

“Eleven.” Yun Che answered.

Jasmine’s eyes flashed with a glimpse of disappointment. Then she said in an indifferent tone: “What I* obtained by losing my body and almost even dying, ultimately only gave you a small advantage in the end. But on your body, this extent is probably the limit. Did you think just anyone would have the qualifications to dabble with the power of gods? If you want to unlock the special abilities of the Evil God’s Profound Veins, then you must open all Fifty-four Profound Entrances! Had it ‘innately’ opened with over twenty Profound Entrances, I* would still be able to help you achieve it in thirty years. But with eleven “innately” opened Profound Entrances, even if you gave me* a hundred years of time, it would still be impossible for me* to do.”

“Open all Fifty-four Profound Entrances?”

Had this kind of words entered someone else’s ears, their mouth would’ve promptly become agape due to shock. For Fifty-four Profound Entrances to be all opened, it would have to be the Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins from the legends! In the Blue Wind Empire’s thousand years of history, there existed not even one! Yet Yun Che’s expression was very calm, and instead looked at Jasmine with an unusually curious gaze: “Are you sure that it would work if all Fifty-four Profound Entrances were open? En, let me see!”

As he finished speaking, Yun Che lifted his left hand, held it against his chest, and muttered: “Sky Poison…. Purification!”

Sky Poison Pearl instantly emitted a beam of dark-green light, dissolved into Yun Che’s body and went through his newly born Profound Veins.

The number of innately open Profound Entrances essentially decided the height one could reach during his entire lifetime, because it was extremely difficult to open Profound Entrances postnatally. Extremely advanced miraculous medicine, chance, and luck; not even one of these factors could be absent. Using external forces to open Profound Entrances would be accompanied by extremely high risks; that even the slightest mistake would cause irreparable damage to the Profound Veins.

In the Profound Sky Continent, over ninety-nine percent of profound practitioners did not have any additional Profound Entrances opened.

But, what kind of existence was the Sky Poison Pearl?

With its unparalleled purifying power, clearing the closed Profound Entrances was as easy as flipping over the palm of a hand, and it wouldn’t even carry even the slightest amount of risks! At that time in the Floating Cloud City, he had used the silver needles to inject the Sky Poison Pearl’s purification power into Xia Qingyue’s Fifty-four Profound Entrances; not only did he open all of her locked Profound Entrances, all of the innately opened Profound Entrances were also purified, making her profound strength impeccably pristine, without the slightest hint of impurity.

However Xia Qingyue was somebody else, and using Sky Poison Pearl’s purifying power on others had to be a little troublesome no matter what, which resulted in him being tired to death after every time.

But purifying his own Profound Veins, was as easy as playing with one’s own fingers.

Under Yun Che’s guidance, the Sky Poison Pearl’s purifying power made a trip through every single of his Fifty-four Profound Entrances with ease…. Yun Che could almost hear the *Sii Sii Sii Sii Sii* sound of the closed Profound Entrances opening.

Not even half a minute later, all of the newborn Profound Vein’s Fifty-four Profound Entrances were opened.

“Alright, all Fifty-four Profound Entrances are open. Now what?” Yun Che said with a relaxed expression.

After he finished speaking, he had not heard a word from Jasmine for a long time. However, as he lifted his gaze, he found that Jasmine’s starry eyes were wide open; and the gaze that watched him…. was as if she were looking at an oddly shaped monster.





Chapter 46 – Evil God’s Seven Realms


“Sky Poison Pearl, unexpectedly had this kind of ability!” said Jasmine in surprise, as she stared at Yun Che’s left hand.

“Strictly speaking, it’s not solely the power of the Sky Poison Pearl.” said Yun Che with a face full of pride: “Even without the Sky Poison Pearl, as long as we find the Purifying Medicine, I can still find a method to open all my profound entrances; only, the time and effort I have to put in would be many times more.”

“You?” Jasmine eyed him suspiciously.

“Didn’t I tell you that I was an exceptionally skilled genius doctor? As a genius doctor, it’s a given that I have full knowledge of the ins and outs of the human body. I am overly familiar with profound veins. In my lifetime, I’ve opened thousands if not tens of thousands of profound entrances. Before the passing of my teacher three years ago, never once have I failed to open any profound entrances. It also happens that even the highest grade of medicines can’t compared with the Sky Poison Pearl’s purification ability. Using its powers to open my profound veins was no more than just a simple matter.”

Yun Che spoke in a very relaxed manner, relaxed to the point that one could not even see any self-confidence or arrogance, as if he was narrating something extremely common and trifling. However, Jasmine unexpectedly was incapable of producing any suspicions at the bottom of her heart. She stared at Yun Che for a long while, then finally said in a low voice: “What a weird fellow. However, did you think that you’re amazing just with all the Profound Entrances open? Your foundations alone, are already far behind any others!”

Yun Che didn’t mind Jasmine pouring cold water on him, and asked directly: “Just before, you said that after opening all the fifty four profound entrances, its unique ability would be revealed, but why do I not feel any change?”

“Carefully examine your current profound veins once more.” Jasmine replied.

“Eh?”

Yun Che shut his eyes and started to look within his new profound veins. All fifty four profound entrances had been opened. Although it was empty inside the profound veins, the odor was incomparably clean. Yun Che attentively investigated and then he started to have an inharmonious feeling. In the next second, his focus was firmly locked on the center of the profound veins…

The profound veins inside a human body was like a robust and mature tree with many “branches” spreading out in all directions, and on each “branch” laid a profound entrance. As for the “trunk”, it was the most important core position of the profound veins, the base of all the profound veins. On this base, there were no profound entrances.

However at this moment, he astonishingly found out that on the core position of his profound veins, actually appeared seven imprints similar to profound entrances; Furthermore, it assumed in the arrangement of the Seven Stars of the Ursa Major.

(TL: Ursa Major is the Big Dipper)

Although they were shaped like profound entrances, they had a different kind of feeling when compared to ordinary profound entrances; They had a dull color and the location in which they appeared at, immediately shattered Yun Che’s knowledge and caused him to be surprised beyond words.

“How come there are seven additional profound entrances?” Yun Che asked in astonishment as he opened his eyes.

“No, those are not profound entrances.” Jasmine said faintly: “Those are used to activate the seven realms of Evil God’s Secret Arts… The Seven Gates!”

“Ga… tes?” It was Yun Che’s first time hearing this term.

“The profound veins that the immortal blood bestowed upon you, has indeed no difference in other aspects when compared with normal profound veins; however the main difference lies in that Evil God’s exclusive Profound Art that it carries, the Evil God’s Secret Arts! This profound art has in total, seven big gates; it does not need to be cultivated or anything, but rather just exists within your profound veins. Everytime the Evil God’s Secret Arts have increased by a realm, one of the gates will open… No! It should be said in reverse; every time you opened a gate, the Evil God’s Secret Arts will be increase by a realm! At the same time, in every realm of the Evil God’s Secret Arts, there will be a corresponding formidable Evil God’s Profound Skill! Do you understand if I say it this way?” Jasmine slowly explained.

Yun Che: “…”

Of course Yun Che did not know the general concept of profound arts and profound skills. In the Profound Sky Continent, almost half of the profound practitioners have pure profound strength instead of Profound Arts. Profound Arts are split into different categories, but none could strengthen profound energy directly. Some could change the attribute or channeling of the profound energy… For example the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts of the Frozen Cloud Asgard, when used, transformed the profound strength into an ice-cold aura; the higher the realm of the Frozen Cloud Secret Arts, the colder the profound strength and profound energy. Rumors say that when trained to its peak, one could instantly seal everything in ice within hundreds of kilometers. Similarly, the “Burning Heaven Secret Arts” of the Burning Heaven Clan, one of the four major sects, could also change the attribute of the profound strength, but it was the exact opposite of the Frozen Cloud Asgard; it could change into a burning hot profound energy and profound strength. When trained to the peak, rumors say that one could use their hands to melt weapons.

There were also some profound arts that were not put to use for profound strength, but instead, are used to assist in the training of the profound strength and et cetera… For example there was a sinister Yin Yang Combination Art which allows men and women to raise their profound strength through sexual intercourse.

Profound Arts are usually inherited and passed down in Sects or family but were never divulged to the public; thus those wandering profound practitioners usually do not have profound arts. The Xiao Clan also did not have any traditional Profound Arts; the only things their ancestors had left behind were just a few weak profound skills, and nothing more.

As for profound skills, as the name implies, it was a skill that uses different methods to execute a greater power using one’s profound strength. Some profound skills require specific profound arts on one’s body in order for it to be executed.

“So this means, now I can use the… ‘Evil God’s Secret Arts” that you mentioned?” Yun Che asked in wonder.

“That’s right!” Jasmine nodded her head, “Your profound veins are still empty now so you couldn’t feel it, but once you have profound strength, you will naturally feel the existence of the Evil God’s Secret Art.”

“… You also said just now, that this ‘Evil God’s Secret Art’ did not need to be cultivated, and every time I open a gate, the Evil God’s Secret Arts would increase by a realm. In that case, how do I open a Gate?” Yun Che inquired. He had never come into contact with the concept of “Gates” in the past, so he did not dare to be reckless. Also, if its method of opening was similar with the method of opening profound entrances, then he could effortlessly open all of them in a short period of time, allowing the Evil God’s Secret Arts to reach the highest realm in an instant! In the hands of others, it was considered to be impossible, but in his hands, it was truly as easy as turning over one’s palm!

“That’s very simple; a thousand times much simpler than you opening all the profound entrances!” Jasmine started to smile, and as she smiled very strangely. The contents of her comparison caused Yun Che to be even more stunned than usual: “It belongs to your profound veins, so if you want to open it, it will naturally open… If you wish for it, you just have to use your imagination and all seven gates will open!”

Just have to… imagine it?

And then all the seven gates will be open… letting the Evil God’s Secret Arts reach its highest realm straightaway?

However, as he saw the indisputably dangerous smile on Jasmine’s face, Yun Che of course, did not dare to believe what she had just said and feebly asked: “It’s that simple?”

“That’s right, it’s that simple. However the result will be very terrifying… You will die! Instantaneous explosion from within your body and die!” Jasmine said in a low voice.

Yun Che’s mouth slightly opened.

“The attribute of the Evil God’s Secret Arts abilities are classified as “Berserk”. The first realm: [Evil Soul], the second realm: [Burning Heart], the third realm: [Rumbling Heaven], the fourth realm: [Purgatory], the fifth realm: [Hades].”

Jasmine’s voice paused there, prompting Yun Che to ask impatiently: “Then what about the sixth and seventh realm? Why would I die once I use it?”

“This princess also has no idea about the sixth and seventh realm. In the memory imprint of that drop of immortal blood, it only recorded up to the fifth realm. Thinking about it, it’s probably because when the Evil God left the drop of immortal blood behind, he believed that with a human’s body, opening the fifth realm would be the limit. Unless one is seeking death, otherwise, it would essentially be impossible to open the sixth gate at any time. Therefore, he did not leave any information about the sixth and seventh realm… Because every time you open a gate, the Evil God’s Secret Arts will increase by a realm, and accompanying it will be a sudden increase of stress that your body would not be able to bear! If you force the Evil God’s Secret Arts to reach a realm that you’re incapable of handling, in light cases, your body would suffer serious damage, and your vitality would be heavily injured! In heavy cases, your profound veins would explode and your body will disintegrate as it shatters into pieces, resulting in death!”

“With your current body, even if it’s just opening the first gate, you would immediately explode and die!”

“… It’s that scary? What’s the meaning of the “Berserk” attribute of the Evil God’s Secret Art? What level do I need to be at to be able to use it?” Yun Che asked.

Jasmine rolled her eyes as a scornful look flashed across her delicate face: “Don’t you think that you’re asking this question way too early?! You have just gotten your new profound veins without even a single strand of profound strength and you’re already dreaming of reaching the heavens in a single step?”

“… Okay, you are right.” Yun Che had no retort, nor did he continue to question closely. As he shifted his focus away from the gates, he took a deep breath: “Even though it’s quite late, I will definitely not let these profound veins that came from the Evil God, go to waste! I will immediately begin to cultivate right now!!”

“Groooooowl…”

As soon as Yun Che brimmed with determination, an untimely growl came from his stomach, instantly dispersing all the grandeur he gathered just before. He had not eaten for an entire night and afternoon, thus his stomach was already rumbling with hunger.

“Since you’re so familiar with profound veins, you do not need this princess to teach you how to enter the Elementary Profound Realm. This princess must now return into the Sky Poison Pearl; you are not allowed to disturb this princess within the next three days.”

Previously, Jasmine had suffered from the rebound effects of the deadly poison after repeatedly using her profound strength; although the rebound was being suppressed by the Sky Poison Pearl at the moment, it still allowed the deadly poison to infiltrate further into the soul. If it did not get purified by the Sky Poison Pearl, it could even spread to the origin of her soul and by that time, even the Sky Poison Pearl would be unable to save her.

“Please wait awhile, I still have a few questions I want to ask… You keep referring to yourself as ‘this princess’; could it be that you’re a royal princess of some empire… Hey, hey!!”

Before Yun Che had even finished asking his question, Jasmine’s body had already disappeared as it turned into a scarlet light, and entered the Sky Poison Pearl.

Although he was hungry, he could no longer go back to Cyan Forest Town. Xiao Kuangyun and his gang probably have already found out about Xiao Ba and Xiao Jiu’s horrible deaths, and would inevitably link their deaths to him. If he were to meet them with his current body without any profound strength, he would at least die ten times.

After a moment’s time of careful consideration, he surveyed the mountain range that extended outwards, to who knows where. While lightly gritting his teeth, he hastily walked towards the opposite direction of Cyan Forest Town.

The road of profound cultivation in this lifetime, will start off from this Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range!





Chapter 47 – The Boundary of Life and Death


Yun Che sat in place and closed his eyes. A few breaths later, his expression became completely tranquil as his heart emptied. In addition to the pangs of hunger, his excitement and rashness from receiving the new set of Profound veins also completely faded away. His mind and consciousness were all centralized in the middle of the new set of profound veins within his body.

Due to his two lifetimes of cultivating in the ways of the Profound, he no longer needed another’s guidance when progressing from zero to hero. The first wave of profound strength in the Profound Veins came from one’s vitality; precisely, by slowly pulling one’s vitality bit by bit into the Profound Veins, it would slowly transform into a sparse profound energy. Once the Profound Veins were filled to the brim with this sparse profound energy, it would be the first official step into a profound strength of the Elementary Profound Realm!

Practitioners with mediocre talent generally required around half a year for this process. Practitioners with great talent could complete it within three to four months. Once this extremely important foundation was completed, one could then continue to further cultivate by absorbing the vitality from the sky and earth. There was no way around this process because only after officially entering the Elementary Profound Realm , would one have the ability to use their Profound Vein to absorb the vitality of the heavens and earth.

In the midst of silence, strands of Elementary Profound energy started to condense in Yun Che’s Profound Veins… With all his Fifty-four Profound Entrances opened, the vitality from his body influxed from fifty four directions all at once; its speed was as fast as one could imagine…

Before Jasmine had entered the Sky Poison Pearl, she had told Yun Che not to disturb her within three days. However she had not expected that after she awakened from her slumber, seven days had already passed.

After falling fast asleep inside the Sky Poison Pearl for the past seven days, the negative aftereffects from using her profound strength previously, had finally been completely eliminated. She looked toward Yun Che from inside the Sky Poison Pearl and let out a faint *Eh?* sound of surprise from her pink lips after a while.

Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, waterfall between the mountains.

On the wall of the mountain that was about two to three hundred meters, a gigantic waterfall rushed down, and crashed into the pool below, causing mist to rise into the air. The enormous deafening sound was like the rumbling of thunder, which traveled far and wide.

At the edge of the waterfall, a topless bare-footed youth was currently walking step by step towards the screen of water that looked like it was falling from heaven. All his profound strength was being released without reservation whilst protecting his head and his back.

His figure seemed especially miniscule under this gigantic screen of water. Although the height of this waterfall wasn’t too ridiculous, the force of the water crashing down was still enough to easily smash one’s body into pieces…

However the youth continued without a care, and walked toward the huge boulder that the waterfall had been smashing on for who knows how many years.

When Jasmine left the Sky Poison Pearl, what she saw was exactly this scene. She took a look at the height of the waterfall, and her moon-like eyebrows faintly rose.

“Boom!”

The impact of the huge current collided ruthlessly onto Yun Che’s body, breaking apart his weak profound energy defense instantly, and smashed him ruthlessly into the violent and churning pool.

A hot and searing pain enveloped Yun Che’s whole body as his entire upper torso turned completely red. In the corner of his mouth, a frightening line of blood leaked out.. However, there was not a single trace of retreat nor fear in both his eyes. Panting heavily, he floated up from the churning waters and used all of his strength to resist the heavy current as he climbed up the shore with difficulty..

The blow of the waterfall caused quite a bit of damage to him, and by resisting the current and swimming to the shore, he nearly exhausted the last of his energy. However, he did not fall down and pant after he climbed up the shore,, but instead, once again, walked toward the boulder under the waterfall with his swaying body. He then focused the strands of feeble profound energy, the last of his profound energy, and gathered it above him to protect his head.

“Already at the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm? He is actually that fast!” Looking at the tiny profound energy Yun Che was releasing, Jasmine was amazed in her heart. In just a short span of seven days, he actually officially stepped into the first level of Elementary Profound Realm! This speed, even among the people she knew, was enough to startle another.

It was clearly a mortal’s body and before his new profound veins had activated the Evil God’s Secret Arts, it was no different from an ordinary person’s profound veins… What method did he use to enter the Elementary Profound Realm within such a short span of seven days! With the body of a human, even if all the profound entrances were opened, it would normally take at least a month!

However, to actually challenge this kind of waterfall at just the first level of the elementary Profound realm; this was clearly a death wish!

And after getting heavily damaged by the waterfall the first time, under the condition of nearly having all his profound strength routed, he barely had any rest before stepping toward the waterfall once more.

Jasmine rushed over and yelled in a charming tone of voice: “Are you wishing for death!”

Yun Che heard Jasmine voice and and his footsteps paused for a while. However it was only a short while, for he continued to walk toward the waterfall.

“Boom!!”

The last of the remaining profound energy were immediately dispersed without question, and in an instant, over a dozen tiny wounds split open on Yun Che’s back. As his vision turned black, he spew a big mouthful of fresh blood from his mouth, and then smashed into the churning waters once more.

“How truly reckless!” Jasmine frowned. In a flash, she rushed toward the direction in which Yun Che was swept away, ready to throw him ashore. Soon enough, Yun Che’s silhouette floated up to the surface of the water, but when she came closer to Yun Che and was about to pull him up, she instead heard a hoarse and weak, yet determined rejection…

“Do not… help… me…”

Yun Che’s face that floated out from the surface of the water was white as paper. The scars on his body was a horrifying sight; as he opened his eyes halfway, his gaze seemed to be lax, yet at the same time, extremely sober.

He actually didn’t lose consciousness… Jasmine retracted her hands, and her heart was amazed once more. Wrong! According to his previous condition, if it was an ordinary person who took that impact, there was no way possible one could remain sober.

As she looked at him, Jasmine suddenly wondered, was possible that he was using only his willpower, as if his life depended on it, to stay conscious?

“It’s impressive enough that you did not lose consciousness. Are you sure you can come ashore?” As he wished, Jasmine floated above him and did not give him a helping hand. After she finished her sentence, as if she suddenly remembered something, her face flushed and she quickly retreated in a frightened sort of manner. She continuously withdrew in a straight line, her two small hands simultaneously pressing downwards on herself, until she was quite a distance away.

Only, at this moment, it was evident that Yun Che’s attention was obviously not on her. If he was in his normal condition, he could still resist this kind of current. However to the him now, this rapid current was undoubtedly a nightmare; he squeezed out his nearly exhausted profound veins and raised his practically numb arm. As he unwaveringly resisted the heavy impact of the current against his body, he proceeded to slowly swim ashore, bit by bit…

A few breaths later, the muscles in his arms and shoulders began to convulse… This was the natural reaction of the body when one had completely depleted their strength. Under this situation, the arms were already fundamentally impossible to be lifted, and could be considered to be more or less, disabled.. The scars on his back grew larger as they slowly split apart, as blood cascaded downwards without stopping… Jasmine’s heart grew more and more apprehensive as she continued to watch this scene, for even her previously clenching hands involuntarily loosened…

However, both of Yun Che’s arms began to raise and move, and his body gradually approached the shore. It was impossible to imagine where he had squeezed out that energy from when it was clear that his body had reached its limit, for his strength was completely depleted, and even his consciousness ought to have scattered… Perhaps it was not strength that propelled his body forward, but willpower… An incomparably frightful willpower!

Under Jasmine’s blank gaze, Yun Che once again climbed back ashore. At that moment, Jasmine’s heart shuddered as if she had just witnessed an incomparably large world war. Just when she’d thought Yun Che would faint after being this weak, she instead saw him sway about as he stood up once again.

He could actually still stand up!!

Yun Che who had stood up once again, walked in Jasmine’s direction; his footsteps were extremely slow, and with every step he took, his body would sway violently, with the possibility of collapsing anytime. He continued to walk onwards for over a dozen steps before finally stopping to a halt. It was then that Jasmine discovered a small pool in that direction. The pool was obviously man-made and was no long than a meter. Its interior was filled with… a black liquid!

Yun Che entered the black pool and sat down with difficulty until his entire body, aside from his head, was submerged in the black liquid. It was then that Yun Che closed his eyes and finally lost conscious.

Jasmine landed from the air and watched the unconscious Yun Che with a complicated expression.

The pool was obviously dug by Yun Che, for there was a large spread of assorted items near its surroundings. Most of which were different kinds of herbs, perhaps with over twenty types of different varieties. Among them, the item with the highest quantity was a pile of pitch black branches and leaves that looked like dry firewood. The odor it gave out was extremely similar to the one the pool let out.

Jasmine casually picked up a root, placed it at the tip of her nose and took a light sniff. Immediately, her complexion slightly changed: “Demon Skull Vine!”

He actually soaked himself in this!!

So he used this type of method, in a short span of seven days… No! Maybe even less than seven days, to forcefully push himself into the Elementary Profound Realm!?

Jasmine stared at Yun Che’s face in silence… His soft and immature face was proof that he was indeed only sixteen years old, yet how was it possible for him to achieve this level!! Could it be that he really had… experienced hell before?

Two hours later, Yun Che woke up to see Jasmine floating beside him. The moment he opened his eyes, she coldly looked at him with her little face. Once she saw him opened his eyes, she immediately pressed down as if it was her conditioned reflex.

“You’ve been continuously doing this these past few days?” Jasmine opened her mouth and asked.

“More or less.” Yun Che straightened his still powerless body, while the wounds on his back were more or less healed. In the pool, there were not only the Demon Skull Vines present, but also the herbs he’d personally picked, which were used to make the best of recovery fluids.

“Are you not afraid of sudden death!” Jasmine’s face became somewhat chilly.

“I won’t let myself die. Absolutely not!” Yun Che lightly laughed as he said that with complete self-confidence and determination.

Jasmine smiled disdainfully: “You overestimate yourself. Did you think that there will only be water in that waterfall? If a boulder somehow had gotten mixed in, fell and smash on your body, your body could snap into two halves… I want to know, for what reason, are you so desperate?”

“Because, I need to have a strong enough power.” Yun Che looked up halfway in the pool, and slowly said: “If I had enough power, my master wouldn’t have been forced to die, my family wouldn’t have had to suffer humiliation either… Previously, my profound veins were crippled, thus I had no qualifications to pursue strength. Now the heavens… Oh that’s not right, it was Jasmine who gave me a brand new set of profound veins, so of course I had no reason to continue to be lazy and negligent… And you! My little master Jasmine, you opened your mouth and the first thing you wanted me to do was to reach a realm that no one in the entire Blue Wind Empire, had ever reached before, in a mere thirty years; for your sake, how could I not be desperate?”





Chapter 48 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire


Yun Che’s method of cultivation was very simple, but also very extreme and very frightening.

Using the waterfall’s immense power of impact, he completely scattered his own Profound Energy, while also withstanding a substantial amount of trauma that was being dealt to his life force. Then, under this near burnt out state, he exploits and teared apart the limits of his body and Profound Strength.

Because toppling the limit also means advancing a step further.

However during this process, even the slightest trace of inattentiveness would result in immediate death!

Afterwards, he submerged himself inside the medicinal liquid made from Demonic Skull Vine. The Demonic Skull Vine contained an acute poison, and would also intensely stimulate the body. After Yun Che lost his consciousness, the cells on the surface of his body would still continue to spasm, contract, and invigorate under the stimulation. This sped up the healing process, and forcefully pushed his body a step further, breaking its limits. As for the poison carried by the Demonic Skull Vine, Yun Che, who possessed the Sky Poison Pearl wasn’t daunted by it in the slightest.

This was essentially how he had passed these last few days. He trained with his life on the line using this extreme method, as if he was a suicidal madman.

“Hmph, if you are this desperate, I* naturally won’t stop you. So, how long are you planning to stay here and train?” Jasmine said haughtily with her charming voice.

“Of course, it’ll be until I’ve conquered this waterfall!” Yun Che said with determination, as a glimpse of resolution flashed across his eyes: “If I can’t even conquer a mere waterfall, what qualification do I have to conquer my goal!”

“Alright, then this princess will observe how long you’ll need to conquer this waterfall. But before that….” Jasmine’s petite face turned to the side at this moment, and her cheeks revealed a hint of bashfulness: “ Immediately, go buy a new set of clothes for me*! Including underwear, outerwear shoes, and hair ribbons!”

“…. Is that really necessary? I think your current attire looks pretty good?” Yun Che evaluated Jasmine from the top to bottom, and said with a serious face.

“If you don’t go and buy them, I* will get angry.” Immediately, an icy cold aura filled with killing intent began to seep out of Jasmine’s body.

“Fine, I’ll go after I’ve finished recovering my profound strength.”

Yun Che adjusted his seating in the medicinal pond; while calming his heart and breath, he felt the once again completely empty Profound Veins, slowly becoming satiated. A short while later, he suddenly asked: “Jasmine, before you entered the Sky Poison Pearl last time, there seemed to be a question that you didn’t answer me…. Where did you actually come from? Are you an imperial princess from some kind of empire?”

Jasmine stood up, and said with a flat complexion: “I*, of course am a princess, but not some kind of imperial princess. As for where I* came from…. that is a place you wouldn’t know even if I had said it. From this place…. It’s extremely far away!”

From Jasmine’s mannerism, she clearly did not want to completely answer his question. Yun Che thought for a little bit, and said: “If it’s that far away, why did you come to Floating Cloud City? Was it that you were forced to escape there because of the people chasing you?”

Jasmine’s petite and cute eyebrow promptly sunk, and said coldly: “All of the people who chased me* are already dead. But I* didn’t expect, that they actually had this kind of ‘taboo’ poison! I* was actually poisoned unawares! As for the reason why I* came to this place, it was to find the five Evil God’s secret grounds, mentioned in the memories of the Evil God’s blood. Amongst them, one of the Evil God’s secret ground’s location was vaguely around the Blue Wind Empire’s eastern area. As I* was searching for it, the acute poison became active…. The rest of the story, you should already roughly understand.”

“Evil God’s five secret grounds?” Yun Che had a face full of bewilderment.

“The Evil God’s memories had mentioned that this Profound Sky Continent was created by the Evil God at that time; on this Profound Sky continent, he had five places of refuge. Before his downfall, he left five “Seeds” in these respective five places. It also clarified that….” Jasmine took a glance at Yun Che: “Only those who had inherited his power, would be able to find them!”

“That means, only we will be able to find them?” A wave of excitement hit Yun Che, and he hurried said: “What exactly are those five seeds? Are they powerful? And how am I supposed to find them?”

“Hmph, how could I* know! But since it’s something left behind by the Evil God, how could they be powerless. However, the you right now should better stop having these extraneous thoughts. The Evil God’s secret grounds; the level of strength in the surrounding area will certainly be outrageously high, how would you be able to touch or even go near it! Someday, when you’re able to arrogantly look down upon the entire Blue Wind Empire, think about it then.” Jasmine said those words like an elder, proud of one’s wisdom and experience.

“….” Yun Che could only shut his mouth, collect his thoughts, and quietly recover his profound strength.

……………………………………

Seven days had went by, and there was essentially no chance of Xiao Kuangyun remaining inside Cyan Forest Town. Yun Che brought out a new set of clothes from the Sky Poison Pearl, changed, and then went back to Cyan Forest Town. With only one goal in mind: To buy a new set of clothes for Jasmine.

But in the end, Yun Che returned empty handed…

It was because the process went like this…

“Jasmine, how’re these clothes? They seem to look pretty good.”

“Don’t want it! I’d* never wear anything purple!”

“Then, how about this one…”

“How could the dresses in this place be this crude! How can this princess wear something so unrefined!”

“…. This is only a remote town, and the clothes from this shop could be considered the most luxurious, it’s the same if you just put up with it…”

“I’d* rather not wear anything, than to wear something crude like this! I don’t want any of these clothes!”

“….. Wait until I’ve conquered the waterfall, then I’ll be heading to New Moon City. There should definitely be better clothing there; if you don’t want the clothes here, we’ll have to buy them then.”

“Hmph!”

“Or…. let’s get some panties first?”

“You’re…. seeking…. death~~…. Want to bet if I’ll kill you right now!!”

………………………………………

Unknowingly, four months had subtly passed by.

Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, waterfall in the mountains.

The season had already quietly entered wintertime, for the waterfall’s water began to progressively become, more and more bone-chilling. However, a youth was actually standing under the waterfall during this period of time. His upper torso was exposed, and his eyes were tightly closed as he let the violent flow of ice-cold water frantically stream down his body. Yet his face didn’t falter, as if he was rooted there like a unyielding boulder. In his body, profound energy desperately surged to defend against the water flow’s impact…. Until the last hint of Profound Energy was completely squeezed dry.

*Boom*….

The youth’s body started to waver some, then when it finally was incapable of bracing itself anymore, he crashed into the torrential pool of water.

Climbing out of the pool onto the bank with difficulty, Yun Che breathed heavily, walked to the small new pond he dug out and submerged himself. He then snatched up a few black-colored herbal medicine pellets that were beside the pond and stuffed them in his mouth…. They were low class Profound Recovering Pellets synthesized from the Iron Sand Vines he collected from the surrounding area; they could slightly boost the recovery rate of Profound Strength for a period of time.

After consuming the Profound Recovering Pellets, Yun Che took a long sigh of relief, closed his eyes and entered a state of meditation. Fifty-four Profound Entrances were all open, and quickly recovered the Profound Strength’s severe deficit.

These few months, he had always stayed at the edge of this waterfall. He tore open his limits again and again, and at the same time, no irreparable damage or wounds had been dealt because of the Demon Skull Vine’s liquid immersion.

Jasmine looked at him from afar in complete silence. Regarding Yun Che’s suicidal method of cultivation, she had already gotten used to observing it. She had expected that the Yun Che would only be able to endure this degree of training for a few days. But what made her utterly astonished, was that for an entire four months, he did the same thing, everyday, without relaxing a single day. However, this insane cultivation was definitely not because he had lost his mind; Whenever he felt that his body’s burden or damage was too much, he would promptly return to soak in the Demon Skull Vine’s medicinal pond to slowly let his body recover and strengthen. As time went on, the amount of Demon Skull Vine he collected everyday increased more and more, and the Demon Skull Vine’s extracted liquid became thicker and thicker. The concentration was high enough that a profound practitioner at Elementary Profound Realm would immediately die after being submerged for a mere five or six seconds.

An hour and half later, Yun Che opened his eyes and jumped out of the small pond. He wiped his body, grabbed the leftover roasted bunny from his previous meal, and started to wolf it down.

“This time’s perseverance lasted twenty-three seconds, a slightly improvement compared to last time.” Jasmine came to his side, arms crossed in front of her petite chest, as she unemotionally said that.

“At this pace, in another one and half months, you’ll be able to breakthrough to the fifth level of Elementary Profound Realm. This speed, can be considered as not too shabby.”

Starting from zero, he reached the first level of Elementary Profound Realm in seven days; the second level of Elementary Profound Realm in a month; the third level of Elementary Profound Realm in two and a half months; and ten days ago, he had also reached the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm. This speed was not just ‘not too shabby’; even within the all the history of Profound Cultivation of the Blue Wind Empire, this speed was qualified to be considered as something that had never been seen before.

Yun Che’s Fifty-four Profound Entrances were entirely opened; he was well acquainted with the structure of the human body, the constitution of Profound Veins, and cultivation process when training in the ways of the Profound. Adding on the immense grind that ignored day and night as if his life depended on it, the possibility of having this kind of astonishing speed was in no way, just an exaggeration.

As of now, not only was his profound strength incomparable to the state it was at four months ago, his body also became excessively resilient. However, the increase in protective profound strength was only a small part of the reason; the bigger reason, was that he took the impact from the water and soaked in the Demon Skull Vine’s juice for a countless amount of time. Although his profound strength was only at the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm, perhaps his body’s strength may not be defeated by profound practitioners at the sixth level of Elementary Profound Realm.

“Uuu… Then… when will you teach me profound techniques? You’ve already named yourself as my master for four months, but still hadn’t taught me anything.” Yun Che unclearly said as he was eating.

“You clearly knew about the basics of training in the Profound, so you obviously didn’t need me* to teach you anything.” Jasmine stiffened her face, and assumed a look with a master’s imposing dignity: “What you currently need to do is to consolidate the Elementary Profound Realm. After you’ve broken through the Elementary Profound Realm and enter Nascent Profound Realm, I* will naturally teach you profound techniques.”

As she had spoken until here, the expression in Jasmine’s eyes suddenly fluctuated, and her voice also dampened: “Someone is coming.”

“Wouldn’t people come here often?” Yun Che said casually.

“There are five people altogether, their profound strengths all at the Sky Profound Realm. And one of them, is already half a step into the Emperor Profound Realm!” Jasmine slightly knitted her brow as her voice faintly stiffened in heavy concentration.

“Wh…. at!!” Yun Che almost bit his tongue as he yelled without composure.

Sky Profound Realm? At this little Cyan Forest Town’s Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, why would profound practitioners at the level of the Sky Profound Realm appear? The Sky Profound Realm was situated at the pinnacle of the Blue Wind Empire. It was something that only a person of character, like Chu Yueli, would be in; and usually received the idolization of many, a transcendent existence!

Half a step into Emperor Profound Realm was at the tenth level of Sky Profound Realm’s apex, yet there was a supremely strong being who’s only half a step’s distance away from the Emperor Profound Realm! This strength was an ultimate existence that had sufficient enough power to touch the title of the Blue Wind Empire’s top ten!

These kind of characters are generally born from those enormous sects of long influential standing. Even within those enormous sects, their positions would be extremely high, for they were fundamentally impossible to be seen by ordinary commoners. Why would they appear in such a remote area? Not only that, it was five of them at the same time!





Chapter 49 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (2)


This sort of lineup would be enough to generate a huge uproar no matter where it appeared in Blue Wind Empire. Appearing in this small and remote place could only be described as inconceivable.

Yun Che lifted his head and saw the five black dots from the northern skies fly toward him in a single glance. After reaching Sky Profound Realm, one would be able to practice the Profound Floating Technique, and fly through the sky. Unquestionably, these five people were just as Jasmine said; they truly were super-strong practitioners of the Sky Profound Realm!

The flight speed of these five people weren’t fast, for only after a long time elapsed did they finally pass above Yun Che. When they noticed that someone was watching them, two people among the group slightly shifted their gaze downwards and glanced at Yun Che…. But they only took a glance at him, and then retracted their gazes. The other three didn’t even bother to look at him. A person that was only at the Elementary Profound Realm, simply didn’t meet the qualifications to have their direct attention or concern.

After they flew further away, Yun Che slightly contemplated, and then promptly made a decision. He immediately put away all the medicinal materials he had collected, these few days, into the Sky Poison Pearl. He then changed his clothes and started to run in the direction that those five strong practitioners of the Sky Profound Realm flew towards.

“What are you doing?” Jasmine asked while knitting her brow.

“Of course, trying to catch up with those five people!” Yun Che quickly said without stopping his footsteps.

“Don’t tell me, you want to catch up and beg for them to accept you as their disciple?” Jasmine spoke with a callous tone.

“How would that be possible! I already have Jasmine as my little master, how could I fancy others.” Yun Che immediately threw out some flattering words, then he flashed a grin and said: “The most likely reason that powerful people at Sky Profound Realm actually appeared here, would be because they’re here for some sort of Profound Beast. It’s likely to be a high level profound beast too, or else, it definitely won’t need five strong practitioners at the level of Sky Profound Realm to strike together! High level profound beasts have treasures all over the bodies; if they are capable of killing it, they would unquestionably acquire an exceedingly amount of tremendous rewards.

“Then, how do you know that they’re not just passing by?” Jasmine spoke while looking at him with the side of her eyes.

“It’s very simple. Because the speed of their flight is slow, slow enough that even I would able to catch up. No matter traveling or treasure hunting, their mood should be very imperative, and their speed shouldn’t be as slow as this. Hence the best explanation, would be that they will be facing an extremely strong profound beast, and their target is already very close. Thus they slowed down their speed and approached cautiously, using this time to discuss and strategize.”

“Even if it is so, what can you do after you’ve caught up? A Profound Beast that needed the cooperation of five Sky Profound practitioners must be a high level Sky Profound Beast. That level of battle is fundamentally something you can’t step a foot in; are you heading there to become their cannon fodder?” Jasmine said with quite a bit of disdain.

“If my presumptions are not mistaken, and they also succeed in the end, I’ll at least be able to offhandedly get something out of this, right? For an example, they may only take away the Profound Core, eyes, claws and teeth of the profound beast…. I won’t believe that they would bring everything back without leaving a single trace of skin and meat!” Yun Che said while his grin exposed his teeth.

“You’re such a wuss.” Jasmine coldly snorted and said, full of contempt.

The flying speed of the five people in mid air became more and more slow; it was as Yun Che clearly hypothesized, they were getting closer and closer to the target destination. Yun Che followed from afar, but he wasn’t really all that anxious of being discovered. Because even if he was discovered, since he was only at the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm, they simply wouldn’t bother to put him in their eyes at all, and were probably too lazy to care.

“Violent Nascent Profound Beasts Active Ahead, Those Below Elementary Profound Realm Level Ten Must Not Enter.”

An aged warning sign appeared in front of Yun Che. The Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range was very big, and as one proceeds deeper into the mountains, the profound beasts become more and more ferocious. But overall, Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range’s profound beasts weren’t all that strong, but they were still not something that profound practitioners at Yun Che’s level could handle.

Not after walking too far, more warning signs appeared in front one by one.

“High Level Profound Beasts Active Ahead, Below Nascent Profound Realm Level Five Please Leave With Haste.”

Along the way, Yun Che had bumped into a total of five warning signs. However, the last warning sign was labeled with blood-red colored carved words:

“Scarlet Dragon Prohibited Region!”

These were only four words, but they contained enough tension to make one’s heart palpate.

Everyone inhabiting Cyan Forest Town all knew that the area ahead was a taboo region that must never be stepped into; because out of everyone who entered, none had ever returned alive.

The five people above in mid air had also stopped at this time. Separated by a long distance, Yun Che faintly heard their conversing voices.

“Is it around here?”

“Correct, that red colored region ahead, should be the nest of that Flame Dragon.”

“Are you sure that you’ve investigated the Flame Dragon’s true strength clearly?

“Mn, tenth level Sky Profound Beast! There should be no mistakes, with senior elder here, there’s no reason that we wouldn’t be able to dispose of it!”

“If we can obtain its fire-attribute Profound Core, then we could definitely let young master’s Heaven Burning Secret Arts make another breakthrough. If successful, in the next Blue Wind Ranking Tournament, we would have the confidence to press ahead of the Xiao Sect and even Frozen Cloud Asgard!”

Heaven Burning Secret Arts?

These four words made Yun Che feel a tremor in his whole body. These five people, were actually from one of the Blue Wind Empire’s four major sects, Burning Heaven Clan?

No wonder this kind of lineup could come out at the same time; they were actually people from one of the four major sects! One of them was even a senior elder, which meant that this arragement of five people could be considered the core strength in the Burning Heaven Clan!

And their goal for coming here was sure enough for a powerful profound beast! The tenth level Sky Profound Beast that came out of their mouths, was it the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range’s “Scarlet Dragon”, recorded in the legends?

“Seems like someone had always been following us.”

“Heh, it’s only an Elementary Profound Realm’s little brat. Probably because it’s the first time he had seen the Profound Floating Technique, so he recklessly followed us. Hmph, if he really wants to die that bad, there’s no need to wait for the Flame Dragon to strike, I can send him on a trip to hell right now.”

“Tch, bothering with the likes of a brat in the Elementary Profound Realm, do you even care for your integrity.”

The inside of Yun Che’s heart suddenly went cold. Although he had been extremely careful following along the way, but evidently, he was still discovered. After all, the other side were all in the frightening Sky Profound Realm.

Covertly breathing in, Yun Che’s footstep retreated backwards, his heart developing an desire to back off. After all, at the moment, his strength was too weak; weak enough to not have the qualifications to even go on an adventure. If he was slightly careless, he would have to pay with his life.

As he stepped back a few steps and started to leave, his heart suddenly jumped. He could even faintly hear the the *Ba-dump* sound that came from his heart.

“This is….”

*Ba-dump*….*Ba-dump”…..

The heart fiercely jumped again. In his heart, an inexplicable feeling suddenly surfaced, to then became more and more intense.

This feeling is…..

Yun Che put his hand onto his chest, a baffled bewilderment appeared on his face… There’s something… calling for me?

Yun Che turned around and looked toward the south. This incomprehensible feeling clearly came from that direction. This feeling was really subtle; although it was a kind of illusory and whimsical feeling that could not be described with words, his heart could not even generate the slightest hint of doubt or resistance.

“What’s wrong with you?” Jasmine asked when she detected his abnormality in the Sky Poison Pearl.

“Over there, something seems to be summoning me?” Yun Che said with a serene complexion, while looking toward the south.

“Summoning?” Jasmine’s voice was filled with surprise.

“It can’t be wrong, it’s right over there.” Yun Che’s eyebrows slightly knitted together: “In the end, what kind of thing is it? Is it some special kind of bewitching technique… That’s not right! Not only is the consciousness reacting, the Profound Veins are too! No…. I must go there and take a look!”

The five people in mid air had already proceeded ahead. If he kept on advancing, any profound beast that jumped out could end his life. If the Burning Heaven Clan’s people discovered that he was still following, they may even think of him as a hinderance and kill him…

After some hesitation, Yun Che clenched his teeth and took out the last Star Concealing Grass and gripped it in his left hand. After releasing the grip, it had already turned into a crystal clear Star Concealing Pellet.

Swallowing down the Star Concealing Pellet, Yun Che’s body immediately disappeared, as if it had turned into mist. Without shadow or form, Yun Che took open strides, and quickly rushed forward.

The minute he stepped into the “Scarlet Dragon Prohibited Region”, a wave of sweltering dry heat suddenly came across his face, making Yun Che lose his breath in an instant. Ahead, was a small mountain that didn’t look very tall. He hastily rushed up and stopped at the mountain top, and looked ahead with knitted brows.

In his view, there appeared a large chunk of a scarlet-red colored region. In the middle of that region, was a nearly one hundred meter high gigantic cave, a barren environment without a single blade of growing grass. Strands of scorching white gas and ember spewed from the cracks in the ground and the caves from time to time, as if it had just been scorched by heavenly fire.

The five from Burning Heaven Clan had also arrived above the top of the cave by now. The position Yun Che was now at, finally allowed him to clearly see the faces of those five people. Four out of the the five looked to be around fifty, with a red flame embroidered on their cloth robes. As for the person in the middle, his beard was already completely white, and his complexion was composed, but every part of his body was emitting a wave terrifying aura that made Yun Che suffocate.

Five in the Sky Profound Realms…. The one in middle, was the supremely strong practitioner who was already half a step into the Emperor Profound Realm.

For Burning Heaven Clan to send out such a shocking formation, it seemed like the Flame Dragon’s Profound Core, was indeed, critically important to them.

“Looks like the information really was correct! Inside, there inhabits a humongous profound beast of the fire attribute!” The middle-aged man on the rightmost spoke with a stern look.

“Don’t act carelessly. This cave may have some unpredictable mystery and traps; it should still better to lead this Flame Dragon out of the cave.”

“Then let me do it!”

The leftmost middle-aged man took a step forward and swung his right hand; then, a dark-gold blade that was more than three feet long appeared in his clenching hand. Burning Heaven Clan’s main weapon was a single-edge blade; hence, one of their major Profound Techniques was called the“Heavenly Burning Blade”. As the Heaven Burning Secret Art was channeled, the blade ignited flames; as flames followed the blade, its power was extremely shocking.

(TL: Blade refers to the Chinese Dao)

“HAAH!!”

When the middle aged man lifted the long blade, the sword’s body was immediately lit up with a scorching flame as he ferociously cleaved downwards during his howl.

Rumble……

A solidly thick dragon-shaped flame flew out from the blade; accompanied by a scorching heatwave and the whistling of the wind, it charged toward the front of the gigantic cave. As it crashed onto the ground with a thundering bang, the dragon shaped flame suddenly exploded outwards. A crater over ten meters deep was instantly blown into the previously level ground, and a burnt aura dispersed in all four directions.

Even the entirety of the gigantic cave, slightly trembled a bit.





Chapter 50 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (3)


“ROOOOOOARR!!!!”

Suddenly, a tremendously loud roar that was loud enough to cause the earth to quake and the heavens to tremble, came from inside the huge cave. Although Yun Che was quite a distance away, both his ears immediately went deaf after hearing this thunder-like sound.

Along with the sound of the roar, suddenly came a blazing light from deep within the cave. It was subsequently followed by the appearance of a pillar of flame tens of meters thick that rushed towards the five in the sky. Miles of the surrounding area became filled with waves of scorching hot air. Yun Che’s face was immediately covered with a painful burning sensation; he was secretly surprised in his heart…. It seems that the legend of the Flame Dragon turned out to be true!! Even if it wasn’t a Dragon, it should be a Fire Profound Beast of a terrifying level!

Only the lowest level profound beasts inhabited this inconspicuous Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, but surprisingly, it actually harbored this type of frightening existence.

“Move out of the way!!”

The suddenly appearing pillar of flames had also surprised the five as they quickly dispersed in different directions while still in mid-air. The flame pillar slowly dissipated high up in the sky only after leaping up for several hundred of meters. By that time, in front of the cave, the colossal silhouette of a dragon came into view.

With a height that reached a hundred feet and an entire body scarlet-red, like red-hot steel, its enormous wings and tail lit with a blazing fire. When the dragon lifted its head, its two scarlet-red eyes were full of prestige, and it actually spoke in human speech: “Audacious humans, to actually have the impertinence to dare offend and breach into this king’s territory!”

Its voice was heavy and rough, but even more so emanated a dignity that made one’s heart palpate. The senior elder of Burning Heaven Clan stepped up, and said with pretension: “I didn’t expect that in this remote and no-name place, there actually resided a dragon…. nevertheless, a Flame Dragon! However, with your noble body and compelling power, residing in this sort of place is far too humble of you. After we take your Profound Core, we’ll definitely display your power at the pinnacle of Blue Wind Empire, what do you think?”

Burning Heaven Clan’s senior elder Fen Moli had on an arrogant disposition. He didn’t chit-chat for even half a sentence and declared his aim. His demeanor more so demonstrated that he was determined to win, as if the Flame Dragon’s core was already in his pocket. From the profound energy the Flame Dragon was giving off, it should be a ninth level Sky Profound Beast, no different from the gathered intelligence. However he, Fen Moli, had already remained in the tenth level of Sky Profound Realm for seven years. As one who was half-a-step into the Emperor Profound Realm, it was possible for him to strike down this flame dragon all by himself. And furthermore, there were four strong Sky Profound Realm practitioners from the same clan right beside him.

At the same time, their clan’s profound art, the Heaven Burning Secret Arts, allowed them to be capable of suppressing profound beasts of the fire attribute.

Fen Moli’s words thoroughly ignited the Flame Dragon’s temper at once. The flames from its wings and tail instantaneously burned with more vigor, and the temperature in the surrounding area sharply rose along with its rage: “Insatiable humans, you will pay the ultimate price for your arrogance and greed. This king will incinerate you all into dust!”

As the furious Flame Dragon’s wings flapped, it’s humongous flaming body took off into the air and charged straight at the five people in mid air.

“Fight!!”

With the low roar from the senior elder, the five people hastily dispersed at once, respectively at five positions surrounding the Flame Dragon. When Flame Dragon violently roared, five scarlet-colored flames suddenly shot out from its body like a explosion, turning into five dragon-shaped flames and gnawed toward the respective five people. The sweltering heat made Yun Che sweat in suffocation even at a distance of over a thousand meters.

With the exception of Fen Moli, the other four were blown away by the five dragon-shaped flames when they hit their protective profound energy. Fen Moli forcibly scattered the dragon-shaped flames with profound energy, and with a roar, his body became an afterimage as it instantly approached the Flame Dragon’s humongous frame in a flash. The long blade in his hands weaved numerous slashes that covered the sky as far, as the eye could see, to then make ear-shattering sounds of colliding metal as the slashes rained down onto the Flame Dragon’s body like a storm.

The enraged Flame Dragon fiercely swung its body, and the enormous dragon’s tail smashed toward Fen Moli with destructive force. Fen Moli leaned backwards and in an instant erected protective profound energy to his front. With a heavy bang, the enormous dragon’s tail violently crashed into Fen Moli’s protective profound energy, and broke the resilient protective profound energy into pieces as if it were made of glass. Fen Moli rapidly retreated backwards with a ghastly face, and hastily yelled: “Its body is too tenacious, don’t come too near!!”

As the other four Sky Profound Realm powerhouses heard the voice, they immediately stopped and a long blade appeared in everyone’s hands. Flames flared atop the body of their blades.

“Heavenly Burning Blade —— Seafaring Flame Dragon!!”

“Heavenly Burning Blade —— Thousand Scorching Suns!!”

“Heavenly Burning Blade —— Field Burning Slash!!”

“Heavenly Burning Blade —— Blazing Sun Burns Clouds!!”

The four were of the same clan, and furthermore were blood-related brothers. They grew up together and trained in the profound together, and thus they were awfully familiar with each other and their minds were synchronized. They raised their long blades at almost the same time and slashed toward the Flame Dragon from tens of meters away. The terrifying blade aura clearly drew ripples in space and pressed directly toward the Flame Dragon; a slash from the right; a slash from the left; a slash from above; a slash from below; the slashes sealed all of the Flame Dragon’s possible paths of advancement and retreat.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The Flame Dragon’s body was gigantic, making its movements not very nimble. The four blade auras all hacked onto its body, and left four lines of very light marks on the surface of its body, making it somewhat lose its balance. Fen Moli’s counterattack also all of a sudden, struck; no one knew when he appeared above the Flame Dragon, but a tremendously heavy slash collided with the Flame Dragon’s head.

“ROOOOOARR!!!”

The Flame Dragon that felt the pain let out an enraged roar and the surface of its body abruptly exploded with a huge ball of scorching flames. The instantaneous blistering heat wave pressed the five people back far far away. Although their Heaven Burning Secret Arts allowed them to have a certain amount of resistance against fire, they couldn’t resist all the fire. Not giving any breathing room for the Flame Dragon, they quickly pressed back after getting pushed away. The blade auras that seemed to even slash open space, ruthlessly fell downwards onto the Flame Dragon’s body again and again.

Clang! Boom! Bang! Huu~~~~

The sound of blade auras cutting through air, the sound of flames exploding, the ear-splitting sound of collision….. almost resounded across the entire Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range as the low level profound beasts in the surrounding areas ran amok in fear. Small hills were slashed into pieces one by one, and even the ground became filled with countless fissures.

Yun Che hid on a hill far away and watched the Sky Profound Realm battle while holding his breath. This kind of formation and battle was rare even in the history of the Blue Wind Empire and at this time, was actually being watched by him, a mere fourth level of the Elementary Profound Realm.

He didn’t dare to go closer, because either touching the Flame Dragon’s fire or the Burning Heaven Clan’s blade auras, or even the residue waves, could undoubtedly take his life.

The battle became more and more fierce as the surrounding air temperature continued to rise. The Flame Dragon’s strength was unquestionable, but facing five opponents with similar levels of strength, it fell into a disadvantage from the very start. However, it still had the tenacious body that a human would never reach, so even if the Burning Heaven Clan’s five people held the advantageous position, it was fundamentally impossible for them to do anything within this short amount of time.

“It seems that sooner or later, this Flame Dragon will be seized by them.” Yun Che muttered in a low voice.

“Then you’ve truly underestimated dragons.” Jasmine said in an ice-cold voice: “Although it is a mere low level dragon, it nevertheless is a true dragon! Unlike false dragons such as the Flood Dragon and reptilian dragons, true dragons possess extremely high intelligence; they can even conceal their true strength to better protect themselves. These people are under the impression that it is merely a Sky Profound Beast; as a result, they only brought out a person who’s only half a step in the Emperor Profound Realm. But unfortunately, it’s nevertheless…. a genuine beast at the Emperor Profound Realm, through and through!”

(TL: Flood Dragon – dragon of legends that brings rain and flood)

Yun Che’s entire face was full of astonishment.

“At the moment, it’s merely toying with its opponents in order to show weakness to the enemies, and then pull the opponents into a certain death match. The moment it bares its true fangs, these five people, with the person half-a-step in the Emperor Profound included…. should all not think of leaving this place alive.”

As Yun Che heard this, his heart chilled. This dragon was unexpectedly this insidiously cunning!

As the fight became increasingly intense, the battle shifted toward the south, drawing them further and further away from the cave. It was obvious that the Flame Dragon was deliberately doing this to prevent the battle’s repercussions from harming the cave it dwelled in….

Eh? Cave?

Yun Che’s unwavering gaze immediately fixed onto the cave.

It was indeed a true dragon’s…. or even better, was the cave that a true Emperor Profound Dragon inhabited!

It was not known for how long the name Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range came into existence, but it was unlikely to be as short as a mere hundred years. This implied that the Flame Dragon had lived inside this cave for no less than a century’s worth of time. Yet a dragon’s life span was far longer, so much that they may live a thousand years; it was not entirely improbable that they may even live past several millennia. A dragon was a noble type of profound beast, so there should be no way possible that one would willingly stay in such a common area. Perhaps there was a rare and exquisite treasure hidden inside this cave that made it unwilling to leave!

Even if there weren’t any, since it had lived here for such a long time, it probably ought to have shedded a fair amount of dragon skin and scales? For anything that came off a dragon’s body, even if shedded, were all still treasures!

The current him was at the fourth level of the Elementary Profound Realm, the resulting achievement he gained after a period of four months. Although that speed was sufficient enough to be astonishing, like before, his strength was still only situated at the bottom end of the Blue Wind Empire. If the inside of this cave actually contained some sort of rare and exquisite treasure, then it was inevitable that it would bring great benefits to his cultivation of the profound.

After he took a quick glance at his current own invisible state, he suddenly clenched his teeth: Screw it! The largest amount of profit often are accompanied with the largest amount of risks. If one were to be afraid of the slightest thing, they would continuously let this opportunity that was at hand, slip away. It would be impossible for cowards to ever scale the summit to the top!

In addition, he felt a one-of-a-kind, indescribable vague feeling…. that the thing beckoning him a while ago, seemed to be inside this very cave!

“What’re trying to do?” The alert Jasmine asked when she saw Yun Che spring up all of a sudden, with a luminous gaze in his eyes, as he stared at the cave.

“I’m about to infiltrate that cave to take a look! Since it is a dragon’s lair, perhaps there may be some good items.” Yun Che slowly reasoned.

“Hmph. As expected, humans are all insatiable! Remnants of their battle are everywhere so if you even get touched by a little bit of it, you would be dead in a flash! Do you really not care about your own life?”

“Rest assured, with the hiding capability of the Star Concealing Grass, even one at the Emperor Profound Realm wouldn’t know any better! The present location they’re fighting at, is now far away from the cave. As long as I take a long detour around them, I’m sure that it’s unlikely for me to be affected.”

Just a moment ago, this princess had told you that the true dragon possessed extreme intellect. Even if the middle of its cave indeed has some sort of treasure, it’s certainly not an item that you can easily obtain.”

But Yun Che had already ignored Jasmine’s discouragement. As he carefully concealed his figure and odor, he passed through the left side of the mountain in a roundabout way and headed in the direction of the cave’s entrance.





Chapter 51 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (4)


Although hidden, Yun Che still didn’t dare to be reckless and carefully moved closer toward the direction of the cave.

After walking around at a considerably large right angle, Yun Che’s feet stepped onto the scarlet colored soil. A wave of scorching-hot heat immediately transmitted from below his feet; then quickly permeated his entire body and promptly gave him a feeling of standing on open flames.

This Flame Dragon existed here for at least a century, and its power over fire had long ago turned this place into a world of the fire element. His current position was only about one kilometer from the intense fight between the Flame Dragon and the Burning Heaven Clan. Yet this was already an extremely dangerous distance, since the residue waves of their battle could easily spread to here.

Yun Che’s footsteps were careful, but his speed had not diminished at all. Jasmine had said this Flame Dragon was clearly hiding its true strength; if it sudden released its true strength and strikes down the five from Burning Heaven Clan, not to mention profiting while taking advantage of the chaos, he would probably lose this life then and there.

What’s reassuring, however, was the fact that the Flame Dragon evidently didn’t want its residence to be damaged. Not only did it purposely pull them away, it also tried to not let his attack power blow in that direction as much as possible. After Yun Che came around to the north side of the cave, he braced his mind and dashed toward the cave entrance with his utmost speed. As the cave got closer and closer, and after few dozens of breaths of time, he had advanced to the point where there was only thirty-three meters between them. Along the way, there was only an intimidating feeling but no real danger.

When the goal was close at hand, a huge wave of ember suddenly fell from the sky and covered a few square kilometers of land. These embers weren’t very big, nor did they have much attack power. However, they were extremely concentrated, and one of the pieces directly fell onto Yun Che’s body.

Immediately, Yun Che’s shirt briskly ignited. As he took an attack, the Star Concealing Pellet’s effect disappeared at once. However, Yun Che had reacted fast and dodged behind the huge boulder on his left in a flash. After he stomped out the fire on his clothes, his eyebrows completely sank.

Drats…..

Star Concealing Pellet’s concealing effect would immediately be negated if he were attacked or touched by someone else. It did not matter if he rushed for the cave entrance or retreat back to the start; if he came out from behind the boulder, he would be easily discovered. But if he kept on hiding here, he’ll be discovered immediately all the same when the Burning Heaven Clan’s people return.

This time, he had almost stepped into a realm of certain death!

Booom!!

A ball of dragon fire that came from the Flame Dragon suddenly dropped from the sky, landing in an area not even one hundred meters ahead of Yun Che. With a loud crash, the dragon-shaped flame exploded, bringing a flare that reached the skies and a terrifyingly high temperature that could even almost, melt rocks.

The moment the flare exploded, the Yun Che behind the boulder suddenly widened his open eyes….

Chance!!

In the next moment, Yun Che shot out from behind the boulder like an arrow that had just left the bow. Using all his profound energy, he rushed toward the cave entrance with his utmost speed. The pillar of flare that soared up to the sky blocked the line of view of the Flame Dragon and people from the Burning Heaven Clan. The huge wave of energy was enough to drown out his insignificant Profound Energy, and furthermore they wouldn’t dare to be distracted during their intense fight.

These few dozens of meters at this moment were undoubtedly a situation of life and death to Yun Che. He glanced at the dissipating flare with the corner of his eye and clenched his teeth, wishing that he could inject all of his willpower into his legs. When in danger, time seemed to have suddenly slowed down, and the cave entrance was also closing in very slowly. At the last span of distance, he abruptly breathed in, kicked the ground with both of his legs, and pounced toward the cave entrance with a flying dive.

The instant he entered the cave, the flare had completely disappeared. The fierce battle between the Flame Dragon and the five Sky Profound Realm dwellers were also cleanly presented in his vision again.

Standing behind the sizzling hot boulder at the edge of the cave entrance, Yun Che breathed heavily. His entire body was doused with sweat, and one couldn’t tell if his face was red because of the heat or the excitement.

“Phew…. Finally made it in.” Yun Che patted his chest, and muttered to himself as fear still lingered in his heart. After somewhat composing his mind for a bit, he walked over to the interior of the cave with slow steps.

Since the Flame Dragon had an enormous frame, naturally the cave it resided in was also gigantic. Yun Che sharpened his vigilance and slowly strolled forward. The temperature inside was much higher than what it was outside. Every step that Yun Che took, a puddle of sweat would sprinkle downwards, evaporating into a white mist, the instant it met with the ground with a *Sss Sss* sound.

The true depth of this cave was unknown, so as Yun Che gradually went deeper, the light also became dimmer and dimmer. After continuing onwards for a hundred steps, a haze of red luminescence suddenly emerged from the area ahead.

Yun Che’s footsteps halted for a bit, then sped up again as he hastily walked toward it. As he saw the source of the red luminescence, both his eyes suddenly radiated a searing light.

“Fire Spirit Grass!!”

A mature Fire Spirit Grass was around seven inches tall with extremely shallow roots, usually had nine leaves, and glowed in the darkness. It was exceedingly rare and only grew in areas with concentrated fire elements. At the same time, the Fire Spirit Grass’s growth speed was extremely slow and usually took more than ten years to reach maturity, and as a result, caused the value of mature Fire Spirit Grass to be remarkably high. Fire Spirit Grass could be refined into a Fire Spirit Pellet, and after consuming it, one would be able to resist a large degree of fire elements for a certain period of time. It could also temporarily change a person’s profound energy, which resided in the Profound Veins, into one of the fire attribute without any harmful side effects of burning or injuring oneself. To profound practitioners who practiced fire attribute Profound Arts, the benefits it would bring were unmeasurable.

And this hard to find, extremely valuable Fire Spirit Grass, was actually growing here, with an incredible total of two to three hundred strains; moreover nearly one-fourth of them had already reached maturity. There was also a chunk of area behind that only had roots leftover. It was obvious that these strains of Fire Spirit Grass were the food of the Flame Dragon.

The other reason why the Fire Spirit Grass was valuable, was due to the fact that it was extremely difficult to collect and store. Even the slightest amount of carelessness may cause the fire spirit inside the grass to all disappear. However, to Yun Che, this issue posed no problem at all. He extended his left hand and grabbed at the mature strains of Fire Spirit Grass in a frenzy, easily collecting them into the Sky Poison Pearl.

Even a random strain of Fire Spirit Grass could be sold for a very high price outside. However at this time, they were being harvested in great amounts by Yun Che, as if they were ordinary cabbages.

Soon enough, more than fifty strains of mature Fire Spirit Grass were all gathered into the Sky Poison Pearl. Yun Che didn’t even touch a single one that was not mature. He rubbed his palms together as a cry came from within the depths of his heart: I’m rich!

If these were sold to the Burning Heaven Clan through an intermediary, how much of a profit would come in!

He would never have to worry about not having enough money to spend anymore!

Yun Che took out a Fire Spirit grass that he collected, and swiftly used the Sky Poison Pearl to refine it. The Fire Spirit Grass quickly shriveled under the Sky Poison Pearl’s processing, and in the end turned into a very small, ruby-like object. Yun Che didn’t even bother to think before he threw it in his mouth.

A searing feeling slid down his insides, along his oral cavity; followed by the sensation of heat rapidly dispersing outwards from the inside of his body, in the blink of an eye, it propagated throughout his entire body. Afterwards, the scorching heat slowly faded away…. at once, even the surrounding space was suddenly no longer burning hot. The sweat on Yun Che’s body no longer streamed and the stifling feeling of dry heat completely vanished without a trace.

Yun Che’s body felt considerably more relaxed afterwards. However, he still hadn’t reach the end of the cave, so he quickened his footsteps and walked deeper inside. Not long after, a huge den of rock came into view before his eyes. When considering the size and shape, it was obvious that this place was where the Flame Dragon normally stayed and slept in.

To Yun Che’s disappointment, this Flame Dragon’s den was considerably clean; aside from the searing rocks that constructed the den, there was nothing else of importance.

Rumble…..

An enormous rumbling sound suddenly came from the outside. Even standing in the deepest part of this cave, Yun Che still could vaguely feel a wave of heat rush toward his face. The Flame Dragon’s heavy voice drifted in from the outside:

“Ignorant insatiable humans, prepare to receive the punishment you deserve!”

Right after that, came the panicked voices of the Burning Heaven Clan:

“Ah!! What’s going on! How did its strength suddenly…..”

“This…. This Flame Dragon is not a Sky Profound Beast at all! It’s clearly an Emperor Profound Beast! It had concealed its true strength all along; just to lure us to this place!”

“This is bad! The intelligence was wrong, retreat! Quickly retreat!!”

Jasmine’s words perfectly came true. Sure enough, the Flame Dragon hid its true strength the entire time, and at this moment, it finally unleashed its true power. During the panicked cries of the Burning Heaven Clan, the earth started to tremble…. Even the entirety of the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range was faintly trembling. Yun Che’s heart abruptly became cold. Since the Flame dragon had started to display its true power, it also meant that the battle may come to an immediate end. If he didn’t leave now, there may never be any chance of escape after that!

Fifty strains of mature Fire Spirit Grass was already a large profit. Yun Che no longer hesitated and swiftly rushed outside with quick steps. However, only after dashing a mere three steps, his heart fiercely leapt all of a sudden…. His footsteps stopped along with it.

“What are you stopping for? If you’re not leaving now, are you waiting for the Flame Dragon to roast you into ashes!” Jasmin coldly yelled.

Yun Che, however, gave no reaction to Jasmine’s words at all. He turned around, and with his hands on his chest, he stared blankly at the empty rock den…. It’s the same feeling as before, and this time it’s really really close…..

What exactly is calling me……

Instead of fleeing at full speed, Yun Che walked toward the rock den, until he had entered the den once again. The rate of his heartbeat had also suddenly accelerated at this time.

Yun Che congealed his gaze as he looked all around, and in the end, his gaze locked onto the rightmost corner of the den. The rocks here had all existed for a countless number years, and were indurated and aged. However, there was one rock that actually looked to be untainted by even a speck of dust and seemed to have been frequently moved around. Yun Che hastily walked over, pressed his hand onto the rock, and exerted his strength to move it.

Accompanied by the sound of the falling rock, a dot of scarlet-red light immediately appeared in Yun Che’s line of sight.

This was a very small and round bead, close to the size of a common marble. It had an ordinary ruby’s sparkling translucence, but the radiance it emitted was far richer and more vibrant than that of a common ruby. As he looked at this red-colored round bead, Yun Che’s heart suddenly, without reason, gave rise to an intense longing. Under the urge of this longing, he quickly extended his hands and reached for it.

“Don’t touch it! There’s a Flame Dragon’s inflammatory imprint on it!”

Jasmine’s warning was slightly late. As soon as her voice yelled out, Yun Che’s hands had already grabbed onto the round bead.

Immediately, as if awakened, the bead suddenly discharged an incomparably intense red light that was strong enough to envelope Yun Che’s entire body.





Chapter 52 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (5)


“What is… this thing?” Yun Che asked in bewilderment as he held the bizarre scarlet-red bead. He was definitely holding onto it, but he couldn’t get a solid grasp of its weight nor temperature. Its rays were enticing and burned fiercely, emitting a familiar scarlet-red color, but also gave Yun Che a strange feeling of never seeing this color before.

Although his heart no longer throbbed as furiously as before, his profound veins suddenly went into a violent turmoil, causing the blood vessels in his entire body to slightly boil. A strange feeling also assaulted Yun Che’s heart at this moment… He was sure he had never seen this scarlet-red bead before but when he held it in his hand, he felt calm and composed, as if it was originally his and had finally returned back to him.

“This princess has no idea what that is, but I* can assure you that you’re a goner.” Inside the Sky Poison Pearl, Jasmine’s voice lowered as the expression on her tiny face became incomparably solemn. Despite dissuading Yun Che countless times, she was unable to stop him from taking a risk time and time again… After all was said and done, it still ended up like this.

If not for the fact that her life was intertwined with Yun Che’s, she really wanted to use her little hand and slap this reckless and fearless man, that would forsaken his life for a so called “Opportunity”, to death!

Just after Jasmine had finished speaking, a world-shaking dragon roar suddenly came in from outside the cave!

“ROOAR!! Despicable humans!! So it turns out that you’re actually lusting after this king’s treasure! All of you are repulsive scoundrels, unforgivable… UNFORGIVABLE!!!”

Ten at the tenth level of the Sky Profound Realm may not even necessarily win against the lowest level of the Emperor Profound Realm, let alone a tenth level Sky Profound and four other practitioners that were below the sixth level of the Sky Profound Realm. In a blink of an eye, after the Flame Dragon had unleashed its true power, the five people of the Burning Heaven Clan were forced into desperate straits. Those waves of dragon-shaped flames were not only incomparably hot, but also brought along a huge rippling strength that dragged the five people of the Burning Heaven Clan slowly, into a maelstrom of death.

At this moment, as soon as the five experts of the Burning Heaven Clan displayed an expression of a despair that revealed their lost hope, the Flame Dragon suddenly bursted out in fury. Its entire body emitted an aura that could cause a person to tremble in fear as it let out a deafening and angry roar yet again. Within the roar, a ball of fire that measured up to a few dozen meters smashed into the five people, causing all five to scream in agony… However, the Flame Dragon did not continue to attack but instead turned to a different direction, and angrily rushed towards its cave.

The five experts from Burning Heaven Clan escaped, battered and exhausted, from the Flame Dragon’s fire, with each suffering different degrees of burn; the greater parts of their hair, beards, and even the clothes on their body were incinerated by quite a bit. As they watched the Flame Dragon’s suddenly withdrawal, each and every one of them were still in a panicked state.

“What happened, why did it suddenly flee and go back?” One man coarsely asked while panting heavily.

“From what it had just said, it seems like someone took advantage of our battle and tried to sneak into his old nest…”

“What’s the point of caring about that now! Quickly retreat! We are lucky to retrieve our lives and live after actually provoking a Emperor Profound Beast!”

“Anyways, let’s scram!”

The five experts of Burning Heaven Clan didn’t dare to stay there any longer; after gathering their strength and were too afraid to look back, they quickly retreated. At this moment, the thoughts in their hearts were one and the same… Once they return back to Burning Heaven Clan, they were going to find the guy that said the Flame Dragon was only a high level Sky Profound Beast, and ruthlessly beat him up.

Inside the cave, Yun Che sensed the approach of great danger. He scrunched his eyebrow, and not daring to delay any longer, dashed toward the exit with the fastest speed possible. However, before he could even take half a step, an ear-splitting stomp came from his front and a wave of boundless anger, followed by a wave of scorching air, rushed at his face. The walls and floor of the cave all trembled faintly and not long after, the huge head of the Flame Dragon appeared in Yun Che’s line of sight.

Yun Che’s aura was so weak that the Flame Dragon was stunned for a second. However, when it noticed the scarlet-red bead on his hand, its huge eyes radiated an indignant blaze: “Presumptuous human, to actually lust after this king’s treasure! Prepare to suffer this king’s wrath!”

Shit!!

Yun Che’s heart became apprehensive; he quickly calmed down and tried to think of a way to escape. Of course, it was obvious that he would obediently return the bead in his hand… However, it was absolutely impossible that the Flame Dragon would even give him a chance to speak; this formidable force kept him firmly in place, and in the next second, he would be burnt into ashes.

“If you don’t want to die, then stop in the name of this princess!”

As the shadow of death descended, a charming ice-cold voice suddenly sounded from above. At the same time, a terrifying pressure enveloped the entire Flame Dragon Cave.

The Flame Dragon stopped its movement, then its body started to uncontrollably tremble beneath this great pressure. Lifting its head up, it looked toward the red-haired girl that had somehow appeared unknowingly in the air; the rage in its huge eyes were all replaced with astonishment and… fear.

The aura that this goddess had given out far exceeded his imagination. In the presence of this pressuring strength, it felt as tiny as an ant that could be obliterated into ashes at any moment. It opened its dragon mouth and let out an unsuppressable trembling voice: “Who… who are you!”

“You have no right to know this princess’s name.” Jasmine replied with an ice-cold face. Her beautiful eyes released a razor sharp glare: “This cave of yours, I want it, if you don’t want to die, then get out of this princess’s face right now.”

Yun Che raised his head and looked at Jasmine; his heart was shocked as well… The pressure of this little girl, unexpectedly stopped this Emperor Profound Beast! What exactly was the level of her profound strength?

However, at this moment, he suddenly found out that the trembling of the Flame Dragon had stopped.

“Hehe,” The Flame Dragon laughed: “This king understands now; you two cunning humans, are simply just faking your bravado! Even though this king does not know what method you used to create this overwhelming pressure, but did you think this king would be as stupid as you humans?”

Jasmine’s eyebrows suddenly became limp: “You… want… to die?”

“Of course this king doesn’t want to die; but with just you two, that’s not enough to kill this king!” The Flame Dragon continued with sarcasm: “If you really had the ability to kill this king, you would’ve came out in the open to steal this king’s possession. Otherwise, why would you choose to sneak in while this king was fighting the other foolish humans… If you really had the ability to kill this king, then the expression on this human’s face wouldn’t have been so unsightly when he saw me!”

Yun Che’s heart immediately trembled in fear; a dragon’s intellect, was indeed incomparable to that of a normal profound beast’s!

“And you. Brat, your gaze is cold and ruthless; the murderous intent on your body also surprised this king. To have such eyes with killing intent, you must have killed a numerous amount of living things,. If you really wanted to kill this king and had the ability to do so, you would have already went on with it, instead of condescendingly talk to this king. Your age is also quite young; but with a human’s cultivation speed, it is fundamentally impossible to possess such a strong pressure at a young age. All this is merely an illusion, this king is not that stupid to fall for this deceit!”

.

“Lusting after this king’s treasure, and also attempting to play tricks on this king, how can this king possibly forgive you! Turn into ashes!”

The Flame Dragon opened his mouth widely, and suddenly shot a ball of blazing fire at Yun Che.

“Thump!” As a great force knocked Yun Che in the shoulder and pushed him far away, he barely dodged the fatal flames of the Flame Dragon. Jasmine appeared at Yun Che’s previous position. Her white and tender face was masked with a layer of terrifying killing intent: “Since you want to die… This princess shall grant your wish!”

Fwooosh!!

A large wave of strong profound energy was released from Jasmine’s body. This profound aura was simply too terrifying; the aura that was originally shapeless, began to stir up a violent storm, instantly extinguishing the Flame Dragon’s burning flame.

Yun Che, who was knocked away, hit his head on a rock and fainted for quite a while. When he regained conscious and saw Jasmine’s appearance, his pupils suddenly shrank back as he cried out: “Jasmine! Stop! Do you want to die!!”

“Isn’t it all your fault! If you died, this princess will also die as well!!”

Jasmine yelled in anger as she unwaveringly locked her endless killing intent on the Flame Dragon. Under the incomparably terrifying profound aura and killing intent, the Flame Dragon completely froze in place, and its pair of dragon eyes filled with deep fear and disbelief. It couldn’t believe that a human girl could unleash such a powerful profound aura!

“Now die… Star God’s Brilliant Annihilating Slash!”

“Jasmine stop!!” Jasmine’s actions made Yun Che pale in fright. Before he could stand up, Jasmine’s exquisite body had already flown towards the Flame Dragon; to then, like a shooting star, pass through the Flame Dragon’s body…

In that instant, every element within the heaven and earth seemed to have stopped revolving; the howling of the wind had stopped, the flame sprout had stopped burning, the sound beside the ears were gone, and even his own scream could not be heard… The Flame Dragon’s enormous body was frozen in place and a bloody cross that was created by the penetration was clearly imprinted on its body

“Impos… sible…”

The Flame Dragon’s pupil shrank back violently, as though he had seen the most terrifying and unbelievable scene in the whole wide world. Following that, both his eyes slowly lost their color and focus… The huge body split into four equal pieces and scattered on the scorching ground.

The great and powerful Flame Dragon, was instantly extinguished under Jasmine’s hands.

Even when the Burning Heaven Clan’s First Elder Fen Moli used the Heavenly Burning Blade, he was only able to put a scratch on the Flame Dragon’s tough body. Yet Jasmine, without any weapons, used only her smooth and white hands to split apart the Flame Dragon’s body, as if it was made out of tofu.

Seeing the Flame Dragon’s body that was split in four, Yun Che was stumped without words. Then his heart suddenly shuddered as his gaze fell further ahead. After loudly shouting “Jasmine”, he desperately ran forward.

At this moment, Jasmine was already lying on the floor; her face, neck, and limbs were all a pale white, without a trace of color. Although she had only released a large amount of profound strength for a few seconds, it had allowed the deadly poison that had infiltrated her soul to act up violently. The purification and suppression of the deadly poison for the past few months inside the Sky Poison Pearl had all been destroyed in an instant.

“Jasmine!” After reaching Jasmine’s side, Yun Che immediately squatted down; he placed his left hand on her skinny shoulder and with all his power, used the Sky Poison Pearl’s purification on Jasmine’s body. However, the deadly poison inside Jasmine’s soul was simply too terrifying; even with the Sky Poison Pearl’s purification speed, it was still impossible to suppress its violent rampage. Her body gradually became ice-cold, and slowly became more and more transparent, illusive…

“This time… ought to… really… die…” Jasmine softly moaned; her voice was as light as a gentle breeze, and the normally cold and proud eyes at this moment, were only filled with a heartbreaking dullness and distress…





Chapter 53 – Seed of the Evil God – Fire (6)


“Jasmine…. Jasmine….” While calling Jasmine’s name, Yun Che’s heart tightly cramped. The degree of severeness of this time’s deadly poison break-out was more than ten times stronger than the break-out four months ago. After all, last time, she only settled down two Spirit Profound Realms, and that already made her writhe in agony. This time however, she had dispatched a true dragon of the Emperor Profound Realm, in a flash! The intensity of the profound strength she had to utilize was simply as different as heaven and earth.

Jasmine couldn’t have not known the outcome of killing this Flame Dragon. But she had to strike, because if she didn’t, Yun Che would have died. And if Yun Che died, she would also definitely die as well.

Immense remorse made the inside of Yun Che’s heart experience a wave of prickling pain…. During the process of sneaking into the Flame Dragon’s cave, Jasmine had continuously dissuaded him thrice, and had also warned him that the true dragon’s treasure would undoubtedly have power imprints on them without exception; meaning that they weren’t all that easy to obtain. Yet he still continued on without hesitation…. He indeed had courage and boldness, but he may have had unknowingly forgotten one thing; he was no longer the Yun Che whose voice resounded throughout the continent before, but instead was only a trivial being that had only reached the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm. What he was facing, however, was an extremely horrifying Emperor Profound Beast. With even the slightest hint of carelessness, he would lose his life and drag Jasmine into losing her life with him.

Yet this kind of outcome, still occurred in the end.

“I’m sorry Jasmine… I’m sorry…. I’m sorry…. I shouldn’t have not listened to you, I shouldn’t have been that reckless….” As his hands felt the changes within Jasmine’s body, Yun Che’s heart constricted more and more. He said sorry to Jasmine again and again…. But no matter how much he apologized and regretted at this point, it simply couldn’t restore the present situation.

Jasmine’s lips slightly moved, but the sound she gave off was too quiet to hear.

Her body became colder and colder, and had unwittingly, already changed into a semitransparent state.

Although Jasmine’s body was only a half ethereal form that depended on Yun Che’s life force, in the end, it was still the host of Jasmine’s soul. If this body disappeared, then Jasmine’s soul that had lost its host would disperse and completely disappear under the devourment of the deadly poison.

“Jasmine!! Jasmine!!”

Yun Che tightly clenched his teeth as his left hand desperately emitted the Sky Poison Pearl’s purification power. His right hand forcefully rocked her body, greedily hoping to rouse even the tiniest hint of her consciousness. Finally, he saw her ghastly white lips faintly open and close again. Yun Che froze for a moment, then hurriedly put his ears near her lips.

“I… don’t want… to die…….. Still haven’t… avenged… mother…. and brother……. Haven’t… killed… them all….. I don’t… want to… die…..”

(TL: Jasmine uses 母后 for mother. In English, I guess it would mean “my mother, the empress”, but its true meaning is “mother” and is generally only used by an imperial child.)

Jasmine’s voice was incredibly feeble and it was almost impossible to hear clearly even from this close. This feeble voice, however, made the inside of Yun Che’s heart violently surge.

When Jasmine first officially appeared in front of his eyes four months ago, he had already felt a kind of inexplicable sense of familiarity from her…. A kind of feeling that was very similar to himself during those days….. She was undoubtedly young and outrageously beautiful, and even calls herself a princess; she should have grown up showered with love from tens of thousands of people…. Yet, her beautiful eyes always brimmed with coldness and apathy. When killing people, her tender face didn’t carry the slightest hint of fear and sympathy, but instead held cruelty…. and an unchanging indifference.

This time, he finally understood what was so familiar about her that resembled him, during his previous days…

It was hatred!

In Azure Cloud Continent, when he was seventeen, he had lived under the shadow of his Master being hounded to death. That time, only hatred, bottomless hatred, overflowed from inside his heart…. During those days, the expression in his eyes; his apathy, his ruthlessness….. Perhaps, were extremely similar to the Jasmine he was looking at right now.

However, at that time, he was already seventeen and could at least be considered to be an adult. But Jasmine…. was only thirteen this year. He couldn’t imagine what kind of hatred it was that drove a girl, who originally should have been an angel, into an apathetic and cruel devil.

In her muttering just now, the way she referred to herself had turned into ‘I’, instead of ‘this princess’. This discovery also made the inside of Yun Che’s heart complicated. It was because the Jasmine right now had almost lost her awareness, so the words she said in this state were words that originated from the soul. This meant that the two words ‘this princess’ were actually not what she was accustomed to referring herself as, but was something that she had deliberately address herself as. It was as if using these words, she was continuously reminding herself about something.

A familiar feeling, as if they had suffered the same fate, was born from the depths of Yun Che’s heart, layered together with his immense feelings of guilt and remorse. He started to shake Jasmine’s body with even more force and loudly shouted: “Jasmine, wake up! You must not lose consciousness! Didn’t we make a deal? You gave me a new set of Profound Veins, but I haven’t accomplished what I had to do for you…. Are you willing to just leave like that!! Also… You’re my master, but you still haven’t taught me anything… As my master, you can’t just act incompetent like this! Wake up, please wake up!!”

But no matter how desperately Yun Che urged the Sky Poison Pearl and shook her, Jasmine no longer responded. Her petite face lost its last hint of color, and her body became more and more transparent. Although it was still possible to touch the entity that was her body, Yun Che could almost clearly see the sand that was below, on the ground, through her chest.

A wave of chilliness stemmed from inside Yun Che’s heart, and even his teeth were about to be crushed from clenching too hard. He violently smashed his fist on his forehead, but the feeling of acute pain did not ease the inside of his heart by even a little bit…. It’s your fault! Why didn’t you listen to Jasmine! Your life was not only yours, but also Jasmine’s life…. In the end, you even needed Jasmine to save you with her life! You’re the one who murdered her!!

Yun Che clenched his teeth and bitterly condemned himself. From the raw and bloody forehead that was hit by his fist, a drop of blood slowly dripped down and fell onto the sizzling ground. As he watched the drop of blood quickly dry up, Yun Che suddenly froze: “Blood… Right, my blood!!”

Jasmine sucked his blood to connect her life with his; the half ethereal body was also born from his blood, and his life force. At the same time, his body was fused with the Sky Poison Pearl; because of this, his blood may have acquired the trait of having extremely high poison resistance!

Promptly grabbing onto that glimmer of hope, Yun Che didn’t dare to hesitate for even a second. He extended his left arm and ferociously slashed it with the fingertips of his right hand, and broke open a long and deep laceration that instantly caused blood to gush out. Right away, he used his fingers to carefully opened Jasmine’s lips without the slightest hint of color, and allowed his own blood to flow into her lips, drop by drop. At the same, he used his hand and forcefully squeezed his shoulder in order to make the blood flow out faster.

Jasmine, I won’t let you die…. I definitely won’t!

Even if it was only for that promise I made in the past, that year….

Fresh blood quickly streamed down and fell into Jasmine’s open lips. However, beads of blood slowly overflowed from the corner of her mouth right after…. Jasmine was completely unconscious and was fundamentally incapable of swallowing by herself.

Yun Che tightly knitted his brow. After a brief period of hesitation, he lifted his own left arm, bit into the wound, and strenuously sucked. After he had sucked up a little less than half a mouthful, he lowered his body and again gently opened Jasmine’s lips with his hand: “If you’re can wake up, then no matter how you punish me after, I’ll take it willingly…..”

In the midst of his quiet mumble, Yun Che lowered his head, gently covered her lips with his, and carefully allowed the blood in his mouth to gradually crossover, drop by drop, into hers. Using a meticulous breath, he blew on his own blood, making it flow down from her mouth, into her body.

Although Jasmine’s mouth was extremely pale, it was still impeccably tender and smooth, which made Yun Che have an uncontrollable urge to stay like that for a while longer. Once a mouthful of blood was transferred over, Yun Che’s lips returned to the wound at once, and forcefully sucked again. After sucking up another mouthful, he again carefully transferred it into Jasmine’s mouth.

After repeating this a few times, the wound on his arm began to heal, making his blood sucking speed become much more slower. Yun Che immediately extended out his left hand and sliced open another deep laceration right beside the first wound; and fresh blood once more, trickled down like a stream….

Blood was continuously being transferred into Jasmine’s mouth. When the fifth line of scar appeared on Yun Che’s arm, approximately one fifth of the blood in his body had flowed into Jasmine’s body. A substantial feeling of dizziness emerged from Yun Che’s brain. However at this moment, he suddenly discovered that Jasmine’s body was already no longer turning illusory, and had started to become apparent little by little. The break-out of the deadly poison felt by the Sky Poison Pearl had also started to die down, like flames that had been showered in rain.

Success…. Did I succeed!!

A wave of pleasant surprise overcame Yun Che’s heart. Without the slightest hesitation, he extended his arm again, and sliced open the sixth stroke of laceration. His entire arm was already numb, yet the inside of his heart was nevertheless filled with a happy joy…. If his blood really was able to save her, then what was there to be stingy about?

If the human body loses more than one fifth of its blood volume in a short amount of time, it would lead to the failure of bodily functions; more than one third, it would lead to shock; more than one half, would lead to death…

Yun Che, who had an exceedingly high medical expertise, clearly was aware of this; but his movements, from beginning to end, did not have the slightest bit of sluggishness nor hesitation as he continued to add more cuts onto his arm, stroke by stroke.

When he finally was incapable of resisting the impossibly heavy dizziness in his brain, his vision became a field of white as he fainted while laying onto the rock wall behind him….

In the midst of his hazy consciousness, the silhouette of a girl that he had always tried to forget, slowly appeared…..

During the seven years he had lived in hatred, in order to obtain more power, he had desperately trained everyday until his entire body became tattered and was always close to death a countless number of times…. Every time, she would always gently treat his wounds, bring delicious food to him, fix his deteriorated clothing, and make the bed for him…. And on the next day, she would silently watch him leave….

During that period of time, she was the only warmth, and the only harbor he could soundly sleep in.

However, during that time, there was only hatred in his heart. Other than struggling back when covered all over with cuts and bruises, he had never given her any companionship, never bought her a single piece of hair ornament, and never made any promises with her; he even had never shown her a single smile….

Until that day she left him forever, while laying in his arms. At that time, the expression in her eyes and her voice, became a lifetime’s worth of unforgettable pain that drilled at his heart….

“…. In my heart, there are as many wounds…. as there are on your body…. But… I don’t regret…. becoming the girl that accompanied you when you were alone…. Even though it was painful…. it was also very blissful…..”

“….. Elder Brother Yun Che…. If later, when you’re lonely, and there’s a girl who’s willing to stay by your side…. Then she…. must be an angel sent to you by the heavens….. Don’t let her be hurt again…. okay…..?”





Chapter 54 – Jasmine’s Tears


After Yun Che lost consciousness, Jasmine’s body no longer appeared ethereal. She slowly opened her eyes and looked at the traces of blood on the corner of Yun Che’s mouth, as well as the lines of horrid wounds on his left arm. All the coldness and indifference in her eyes dissolved away like that of melting ice, and was replaced by a deep kind of complexity and haziness.

Yun Che didn’t know how long he had fainted. After he finally recovered his consciousness and opened his eyes, the first thing he saw were Jasmine’s opened eyes.

“Jasmine! You regained consciousness!?” Yun Che immediately yelled out with surprise and joy. However his voice was a bit coarse, and when he tried to get up, he felt as if his body weighed millions of kilograms. After becoming extremely weak from excessive blood loss, he struggled many times but still couldn’t manage to stand up.

“Why did you save me?” Jasmine’s voice still revealed her weakened health. She took one more glance at the scars on Yun Che’s arm and immediately averted her eyes: “If I had died, wouldn’t that have been better for you? At least, you won’t need to mind the demands that I made you accept; not to mention that you wouldn’t need to worry about me killing you after I’ve reconstructed my body!”

“Because…. Jasmine used her life to save me….”

“I was saving myself!” Jasmine stated in a somewhat raised voice.

Yun Che was slightly stumped; he was confused as to why this sentence of his incited such a huge reaction from her. While feeling a little helpless, he said: “Then…. it’s because you’re my master. As a disciple, how could I just watch my Master pass away in front of my very eyes?”

“Master?” Jasmine smiled with a hint of sadness: “If I want to be reborn, then I’d have to assist you in acquiring a formidable amount of profound strength in the shortest time possible. Becoming your master, was only because I wasn’t willing to help you for free…. In the end, it was all for myself. Did you really believe that I was doing it for your good?”

“I knew all that.” After having said those words, Jasmine failed to find a single hint of disappointment on Yun Che’s face, but instead saw him with a little smile. Yun Che moved his body a little closer to Jasmine, looked in her eyes, and gently said: “But those are all not important. The reason why I was so desperate to save Jasmine, is because Jasmine is a very…. very beautiful girl; as beautiful as an angel.”

Jasmine became stupefied.

“Although Jasmine had always strived to make herself appear apathetic, even to the point of being scary, this had always been real and can’t be covered up even if Jasmine wanted to. With such a beautiful girl by my side, no matter who it would be, no one would want her to eternally leave his side. Without a doubt, I too, am the same… This should be an acceptable reason, right?”

“What kind of…. reason is this…” Jasmine’s lips that had recovered some color faintly trembled: “I had killed…. so many people….. Last year… on the day of my twelfth birthday, in one day…. one day… I killed over one million and three hundred thousand people…. My entire body was dyed red… Even my name, ‘Blood-Soaked Jasmine’ was given to me by them….”

“! ! ! !” Yun Che’s heart fiercely jumped…. In one day, killed over one million and three hundred thousand people!?

Capturing the deep shock that flashed across Yun Che’s face, Jasmine closed her eyes and spoke mournfully: “A person like me, how could I be called a beautiful girl…. I am Jasmine…. Blood-Soaked Jasmine…. I’m a dreadful demon…. who had killed countless people….”

Yun Che fixated his gaze on Jasmine for a long time…. However, the expression in his eyes was not one of shock nor fear; it carried a very complex feeling, a feeling so complicated that no one else could understand. For a long time, he looked at Jasmine, and slowly shook his head: “Jasmine, although there is no way for me to experience the feeling of killing that many people at the mere age of twelve, but I believe that it must have been terribly painful…. a kind of indescribable pain that no one would ever want to recall. After, it’d probably also be accompanied by endless nightmares and feelings of guilt, which will even compel you to hate and loath yourself; and furthermore, numb your own soul by making you stick the labels of demon, heartless, and merciless onto yourself….”

Jasmines eyes suddenly widened, and stared at him in a daze.

“But, I believe that Jasmine had always been a kind-hearted girl. The reason for turning yourself into a demon that you hate the most, was entirely for the important people in your heart. Perhaps they were your closest friends, or even the closest of family members…. For this kind of person, it doesn’t matter if she had killed even more people, and soaked in even more blood; it would be impossible for her to be a demon.”

“Besides, for cute and beautiful girls, no matter how big of a mistake was made, they can still be forgiven. If you believe that there are an innumerable amount of despicable sins placed on your body, then let me bear these sins together with Jasmine. After all, you’re my master; and as your disciple, this kind of responsibility should, of course, naturally be carried together.”

Jasmine became completely stupefied and stared at Yun Che in a daze, as if she had lost her soul. Her vision became more and more blurry…. She couldn’t understand why, after the clear declaration of her own cruel sins, not only did he not show fear and rejection…. But instead, he had such a gentle gaze, and spoke such gentle words….

It shouldn’t be like this…. I killed so many people; I’m a frightening demon. It’s obvious that everyone is scared of me; it’s obvious that there shouldn’t be anyone that would like me…. Why did he desperately save me; why does he reveal such a gentle gaze…. After mother and brother died, it’s absolutely impossible that anyone would treat me this way….

Jasmine’s eyes became more and more hazy, and through the blurry vision, Yun Che’s face slowly turned into her brother’s gently smiling face…. In an instant, globes and globes of tears flowed out of her eye sockets from the corner of her eyes. At this time, she, who had sworn to never shed tears ever again, actually streamed uncontrollable frantic tears. A tiny gap silently opened from her heart that had been sealed with hatred and sin.

“….Jasmine, so you’re able to cry too? Mmm, that’s more like a girl, right?” Yun Che on the other hand, smiled. He extended his finger to stroked her face and gently wiped her tear stains.

However Jasmine didn’t resist him, but instead cried even harder. While streaming tears and sobbing spasmodically, she said: “I…. I’m your master…. When… when you were trying to save me earlier, you sneakily kissed me so many times, and now…. you even made me cry in front of you…. You can’t…. bully masters like that…. Uu…uuuuuu…”

“Un, master’s scolding is right.” Yun Che said while smiling: “Then after little master Jasmine recovers her health, punish me to your heart’s content. Even if you want to return the kiss, I’ll absolutely not retaliate.”

What he had thought was completely correct; Jasmine’s true nature, was definitely not what she normally expressed. Since he had underwent experiences that were very similar to hers, and had also possessed the same kind of aura and gaze before, he knew what was inside her heart, and was even more aware of where her weakest and softest parts were.

After crying, Jasmine’s mood had also gradually calmed down. Although her body and soul were still extremely feeble, the life-threatening danger was essentially under control. She extended her petite hands and forcefully wiped away all the teardrops from her face. She then tried very hard to put on the usual cold and indifferent face; however, her eyes peered off to the side, and didn’t make eye contact with Yun Che. Then, she spoke with a stern voice: “Although there are no dangers for now, but for three months, I won’t be able to channel even the slightest hint of profound energy. Otherwise, even using up all the blood in your body won’t save me.”

“I understand. Later on, I’ll definitely try my best to be careful and won’t let something like that happen again.” Yun Che said with an extremely guilty conscience.

“The red-colored bead that you obtained, swallow it down…. That thing, may actually be what I’ve told you about before…. a Seed of the Evil God!”

“Ahh?” In his astonishment, Yun Che picked up the bizarre bead that he’d almost traded Jasmine’s life for: “You’re saying, this is…. is….”

“I’m only speculating. This was probably the reason why the Flame Dragon had always remained here. When you took it earlier, I had sensed an extremely bizarre fire element hidden within; and even I had never seen this kind of fire element. You also said earlier that you felt something beckon you, and you actually didn’t get burned while holding it in your hands either. Therefore, it may truly be one out of the five Seeds of the Evil God mentioned in the memory imprint!” Jasmine said with a somewhat unsure tone.

“Also….” Jasmine slightly bit her lips at an angle that Yun Che couldn’t see: “Later on, you’re not allowed to just casually touch my face without my permission.”

After she said that, Jasmine turned into a beam of red light and returned into the Sky Poison Pearl. Yun Che was left speechless for a while.

Earlier was a face of icy coldness; then a weeping like the rustling sound of a storm, and now, a stern little face that came along with words laced in killing intent…. The speed at which a girl could suddenly turn hostile, was indeed, legitimate.

Yun Che’s current body was also very weak; losing a large amount of blood had made his vitality decline greatly and even just walking would supposedly be a somewhat difficult challenge. Not even mentioning the Flame Dragon, even if a normal Profound Beast came along, both he and Jasmine would be done for.

“If you killing one million three-hundred thousand people in one day was already an unforgivable sin, was already a demon, and was called blood-soaked Jasmine…… Then, what about me, who in a day, had killed seven million and seven-hundred thousand people with poison; who also turned an entire city into a hell of deadly poison?” Yun Che silently muttered in his heart: “To say demon……. I am the real demon…. Which was also why I never dared to sully the angel by my side…. all the way till the day I lost her forever…..”

Yun Che closed his eyes and silently paused for a long time. Then, he opened his eyes and opened his palm. As he looked at the round bead shine with a bizarre red light in his hand, he thought about what Jasmine had said. After a brief period of hesitation, Yun Che braced his heart and slammed it directly in his mouth.

Holding it didn’t cause any discomfort, but instead, had an inexplicable sense of close familiarity. Furthermore, there was no worry about it being poisonous…. One way or another, there shouldn’t be any bad outcome from eating it, right?

The crimson bead was forcefully swallowed into his stomach.

At that instant, he detected an abrupt turbulence in his Profound Veins. He didn’t even have time to survey the abnormal motions of the Profound Veins because the surface of his body unexpectedly released a ball of crimson luminescence. Right after, these crimson rays of light actually turned into a flaming blaze that combusted on the surface of his body and bathed his entire body inside its crimson raging inferno.

“This…. This is?”

The unforeseen ignition of flames greatly startled him. What surprised him even more, was the fact that his body unexpectedly did not feel a single degree of its burning luminescence, but instead felt an indescribable kind of coziness. Even his clothes were perfectly intact inside the flames, as if these horrifying flames were merely imaginary rays of bright light.





Chapter 55 – A Strength That Opposes the Heavens


“Jasmine, what’s going on?” Yun Che asked as he lifted both his hands, and looked at the flames on his body with a face full of astonishment.

However, Jasmine did not answer him. Inside the Sky Poison Pearl, she silently watched the flames that encompassed his entire body until she finally opened her mouth to speak in a low mumble: “The color of his Profound Veins have changed. Looks like that was indeed one of the five seeds that the Evil God had left behind. In other words, this place was actually one of the Evil God’s Five Secret Grounds!”

“It was actually discovered by him just like that. His luck ought to be said to be extremely good…. or was it…. the Evil God’s Profound Veins’ guidance?”

The flames on Yun Che’s body continued to burn even more vigorously, and had already reached the height of a few dozens meters in a blink of an eye. The surrounding walls, and even the stone under his feet slowly melted away to sink down inside the raging flames; one could imagine how terrifyingly high the flame’s temperature was. However, from beginning to the end, Yun Che never received the slightest bit of damage; what’s more, was the fact that he never felt any sort of discomfort at all.

Inside the flames that encompassed his body, he felt that his own Profound Veins had continued to turmoil intensely. After he had finally managed to calm his heart down, he hurriedly used inner vision to check up on his Profound Veins…. After taking a glance, he almost cried out in surprise.

Because his Profound Veins…. had completely changed into a crimson-red color! Even all the opened Fifty-four Profound Entrances, had become a deep red color.

This is…. what’s going on?

His profound energy started to rapidly convulse in his Profound Veins; waves and waves of profound energy that came from an unknown source swiftly flooded in, making the profound energy in his Profound Veins swell up again and again…. Until it had expanded to the limit that his Profound Veins could accommodate.

Bang….

A soft sound. Yun Che faintly heard the sound of something being broken through.

The profound energy within the Profound Veins continued to rapidly contract. The amount did not diminish but instead became even thicker than before. This was clearly…. the outstanding behavior of a profound strength breakthrough!

In the blink of an eye, his profound strength at the fourth level of the Elementary Profound Realm, broke through to the fifth level of the Elementary Profound Realm!

But it wasn’t completely over just yet; the profound energy in the Profound Veins were still rapidly swelling; the profound energy from the unknown source flooded in like crazy, and filled the Profound Veins that had just made a breakthrough to the brim again, followed by…….

Bang!

The quality of the profound energy inside the Profound Veins made another jump in level; from the strength of the fifth level of the Elementary Realm, it crossed into the sixth level of Elementary Profound Realm.

Yun Che’s jaw dropped wide open from shock. Even with a mental state that was built from two lifetimes, he still could almost not accept this advancement in profound energy that could even shock the world. Not even half a minute had passed, and his profound strength actually crossed from the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm, into the sixth level of Elementary Profound Realm!!

Not only had this sort of thing never been encountered before, but even just hearing it, was also improbable!

It was so much to take in that he had a feeling that it was all just a dream.

The jumping of two ranks was still not the end. The crimson flames on Yun Che’s body was still slowly rising, and neared a few dozen meters in height. The surrounding ground also substantially sank, and streams of lava gathered under Yun Che’s feet. However, it still didn’t damage Yun Che in the slightest.

The unknown source of profound energy was still madly pounding into his now crimson colored Profound Veins, filling it, and making the strength of his profound energy explosively grow in a frightening manner.

…. Elementary Profound Realm level seven!

…. Elementary Profound Realm level eight!

…. Elementary Profound Realm level nine!

…. Elementary Profound Realm level ten!

“Jasmine…. what exactly is going on here?” Yun Che forcibly bit the tip of his tongue. This was already the third time he had to confirm whether or not he was dreaming! To him, these few short minutes were exactly like that of a dream. He didn’t even have time to react to the mind-blowing shock he received when his profound strength had risen by two levels because afterwards, his profound strength had frantically increased sharply…. directly into the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm!!

Even for a genius that grew up in a major sect that had access to substantial amounts of resources and outstanding teachers, it would still take at least three years to reach the tenth level of Elementary Profound Realm from the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm! Even Xia Qingyue had used a total of three and half years of time to reach the tenth level of Elementary Profound Realm from the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm; and that sort of time, was already considered to be a once-in-a-century’s worth of opportunity in the small Floating Cloud City! And was regarded as the number one talent of Floating Cloud City!

Yet he, spent not even five minutes!!

Not only did this smash through Yun Che’s knowledge, it had thoroughly overthrown the basic rules and regulations of Profound growth in the Sky Profound Continent!

As a result, even though Yun Che’s heart brimmed with immense pleasant surprise, it also induced a greater amount of immense terror!

Even more frightening was the fact that inflation of profound energy had not yet stopped, and did not even slow down! The profound strength that had already achieved the tenth level of the Elementary Profound Realm still continued to increase at a rapid pace.

“As expected, it really was correct; what you had just eaten, was one of the five seeds left behind by the Evil God! I* had searched around this Blue Wind Empire for such a long time and was not able to find it, but you, who only possessed such an insignificant amount of strength was unexpectedly able to bump into it and find it, just by being reckless. Your luck is so good, that lightning should strike you from the heavens!” Jasmine’s tone was somewhat filled with displeasure and irritation.

“….. This something seed of the Evil God, can even dramatically increase profound strength?” Yun Che said with a face full of bewilderment.

“Perhaps the seed of the Evil God had also carried a small portion of the Evil God’s power with it. Since it had now found the successor of the Evil God’s Profound Veins, not only did it change your Profound Veins into one of the fire attribute, but it also granted you its power within, at the same time. Don’t fret, there are no negative side effects for this somewhat exaggerated growth of profound energy!” Jasmine leisurely spoke.

“Change Profound Veins…. into the fire attribute?”

Bang!!

The sound of an immediate breakthrough of a barrier was felt through the depths of Yun Che’s Profound Veins. At this time, the scarlet flames that had been igniting for quite a while now, had finally died out.

In that instant, Yun Che clearly felt that the entirety of his Profound Veins had undergone a subliminal change; it became more resilient, wider, and much more hotter. The profound energy inside was even more so, concentrated and dense, to an unbelievable degree.

Even his thoughts about this world had significantly changed as his eyes cleared and his hearing sharpened; this in-and-out pleasurable sensation that was like the shedding of an old body almost made him shout out in joy. Yun Che threw his head back and slowly exhaled. Then, a profound strength that was stronger than his old one, by who knows how many times, suddenly passed through his body and emitted outwards!

“First level of the Nascent Profound Realm! Congratulations; now that you’ve stepped into the Nascent Profound Realm, you can finally be considered to be a true profound practitioner. In this land, entering the Nascent Profound Realm at the age of sixteen ought to be pretty average, right?” Jasmine flatly stated.

In this moment, the previous overwhelming shock, horror, and apprehension he had when stepping into the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm faded away without a trace. He lifted both his hands and then erected a finger. As he moved his thoughts, a very small flame ignited above the fingertip. The temperature of this flame was blazing hot, yet it didn’t even burn or injure his skin in the slightest. As he looked at the cluster of fire that stayed ablaze because of his profound energy, he silently laughed.

Was this considered to be the remedy that the heavens had given me? To let me spend a full sixteen years as a cripple…. only to then give back everything that ought to belong to me, multiplicatively, within this short time period of one day.

As Yun Che silently inspected his center; he saw that his own Profound Veins had become a prominent crystal clear crimson color, and was comparable to that of the purest of sculpted rubies. Not only his Profound Veins, but even in his channels, plasma and every single cell, did he discover an additional speck of a crimson colored element.

“Speaking of which, does that mean that I wouldn’t need to worry about my body being burned, ever again?”

Yun Che was aware of how universally shocking his words were, but this was nevertheless what his body and Profound Veins truly made him feel at this very moment.

“There’s no mistake.” Jasmine said in a peculiar voice: “In the distant past, it is said that the Evil God possessed the most formidable of elemental power within the Spatial Chaos. With only his profound strength, he had the ability to manipulate the elements in the natural world at will; and even so much that it was possible to change his profound energy into any kind of element at any time. In the memory imprint of that immortal drop of blood, it was clearly recorded that the five seeds the Evil God had left behind contained the “power source” of his formidable power over the elements. In the event that these sources of power were to be obtained, not only would one be able to manipulate the corresponding element, but would furthermore have the ability to be unconditionally immune to said element.”

“It is also because of this record that this princess did not use the Evil God’s immortal blood on herself, but instead braved the great danger of arriving on this continent in order to attempt to find the Evil God’s Secret Grounds mentioned in the memory imprint. This is due to the possibility of manipulating the elements; and even the lure of perfect elemental immunity, was something that this princess is incapable of resisting. And because, in this present that’s long after the complete fall of the True God, this kind of ability is truly in a sense….”

“A strength that opposes the heavens!”

Jasmine’s voice suddenly became colder: “At the same time, this is also a taboo in Pandora’s box! Now that you’ve already opened this box, no one will know for sure what sort of chain reaction this immortal power of the gods would arouse when it reappears in this world. Perhaps you will suffer the wrath of heaven, or perhaps it will bring about an infinite amount of disaster and calamity. Because once the secret on your body is exposed, there would be an innumerable number of people in this world who would want to kill you in order to seize the strength that could oppose the heavens…. if it weren’t for the intertwinement of our lives, even this princess would also want to kill you and take your power.

“…. Hey! Don’t go that far to scare me, okay? Although I had suddenly entered the Nascent Profound Realm at last, it is still merely the Nascent Profound Realm. Not even mentioning that opposing the heavens thing, if a random Profound Beast hopped out here right now, it could casually exterminate me.” Yun Che slightly shrank his neck to assume a scared expression.

Although this was said directly out of his mouth, from Jasmine’s confirmation about his control over fire, and the capability of being completely immune to fire, his inner heart became incapable of quieting down and shook for a very long time. To never be afraid of fire…. This was indeed the ability that the gods of the legends were rumored to possess! Not even mentioning humans, even the powerful Flame Dragon that had been wiped out by Jasmine, wouldn’t be completely fearless against fire; for although it was of the fire attribute, if it encountered a more powerful flame higher than its own, it would still burn into complete nothingness.

“This princess is definitely not trying to scare you! So, by all means, do not become complacent just because your profound strength has sharply increased. You must quickly improve your strength to at least have enough power to protect yourself. Now that your profound strength has reached the Nascent Profound Realm, after that, you must further consolidate your present profound strength, so this princess can also begin to teach you a few profound skills that you may possibly be able to learn…. Before then, go take care of this Flame Dragon’s body. To the present you, its carcass is a pile of enormous precious treasure!”

Jasmine’s tone of voice still contained the same ice-cold indifference as before, and completely lacked any emotion. But when it entered Yun Che’s ears, it made him feel as if it was not the same as before. Because he didn’t feel any trace of disdain, contempt, or the occasional bored yet stiff tone in Jasmine’s words, but instead sensed a faint bit of…. concern?





Chapter 56 – Star God’s Broken Shadow


The current Yun Che seemed to have been reborn anew, for even the sense of extreme weakness caused by the fatigue from blood loss seemed to have disappeared without a trace.

He walked next to the corpse of the Flame Dragon, which had been split into four lumps, and hesitated, not knowing where to begin.

Jasmine was right; the dead body of the Flame Dragon, to him… no, to anyone in the Blue Wind Empire, including all four major sects of the empire, was a huge pile of treasure!!

This was an Emperor Profound Beast; not only that, but a true dragon! Dragons were considered to be kings among beasts, for even between creatures of the same level, dragons would eclipse any other beasts in all aspects. Its hide, meat, blood, bones, horns, eyes, wings, and viscera… were all considered to be treasures amongst treasures. The most powerful beings within the Blue Wind Continent were of the Emperor Profound Realm; in other words, it was possible that this Flame Dragon was very likely, the first Emperor Profound beast that had been slain since an innumerable amount of years! This meant that the true value of the Flame Dragon’s corpse had shot up to an even more immeasurable height.

Especially its Profound Core; for a Profound Core of a Sky Profound Dragon, the Burning Heaven Sect had not hesitated to mobilize five great experts at the Sky Profound Realm to hurriedly rush to this region from afar. As for the Profound Core of an Emperor Profound Dragon, not even they would dare have such an extravagant expectation.

The Flame Dragon’s body weight at least hundreds of tons; such an enormous body, even if it was divided into four pieces, were still each comparable to four small mountains. From the Sky Poison Pearl, Yun Chen took out a dull, small dagger he’d taken from the Xiao Clan and cautiously probed the Flame Dragon’s body. With a muffled sound, the blade bent backwards and left behind nothing more than a superficial line.

How could it be possible for Yun Che to cut this Flame Dragon’s body, that couldn’t be cut by the Burning Heaven Clan’s Sky Profound experts’ Heavenly Burning Blade, with a common little dagger?

However… this body that was tough to this terrifying degree was previously supplemented with the Flame Dragon’s tyrannical strength in a blink of sundered into four pieces by Jasmine…. in the blink of an eye, sundered into fourths by Jasmine… As Yun Che recalled the previous scene before him, he could not help but shudder. Even if Jasmine’s cultivation began from the womb, she was still thirteen or fourteen years old. How exactly was it possible that she had already reached such a frightening level… In front of Jasmine, Blue Wind Empire’s various “peerless geniuses” wouldn’t even be considered to be specks of dust.

“Its skin and flesh is not something that you can cut open. However, the location of its Profound Core ought to have already been sliced open by this princess. You should search the tip of the cerebral vertebrae.” Jasmine’s voice sounded in Yun Che’s mind.

Yun Che put away the dagger and headed toward the location Jasmine had pointed out. On the cross section of the flame dragon’s bloody corpse, he caught a glimpse of an incomparably dazzling scarlet light.

This is…

Yun Che promptly leapt forward and his hand precisely grabbed onto that speck of scarlet light. Upon landing, his hand had an additional round bead that was around one third the size of his palm.

The Flame Dragon’s Profound Core!

This was an item that would set the entire Blue Wind Continent into a frenzy!

However, it was completely useless to the current Yun Che; because if Yun Che dared to refine and absorb its power right now, there could only be one outcome…. Death by bodily explosion!

After obtaining the Profound Core, he could do nothing else about the remaining parts of the Flame Dragon, and could only move everything into the Sky Poison Pearl. Not only were spatial rings extremely expensive in the Profound Sky Continent, they usually had the storage space of a few cubic meters, which made it fundamentally impossible to store the Flame Dragon’s corpse. However, inside the Sky Poison Pearl was an unlimited amount of space; Even if the Flame Dragon’s corpse was ten times larger, he would still be able to effortlessly store it inside.

Seeing that Yun Che had finished cleaning up the Flame Dragon’s corpse, Jasmine said with a serious tone: “Within the next month, you are not to leave the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range. In this Scarlet Mountain Mountain Range, you are required to kill at least five Common beasts of the ninth rank or a Nascent Profound beast of the first rank every single day. Furthermore, do not try to attempt another breakthrough during this time period, but instead maximally stabilize your current profound power.

“Yes!” Yun Che nodded. To suddenly jump from the fourth rank of the Elementary Profound Realm to the first rank of the Nascent Profound Realm, he indeed required some time to adjust and stabilize the spike in profound power. “Speaking of which, did you say that you’ll teach me Profound Skills?”

“With your current profound power, there is only one Profound Skill this princess can teach you.”

“What is it?”

“Star God’s Broken Shadow!” Jasmine slowly said out the name: “This is a Profound Movement Skill, and its primary stage can be activated with the least amount of profound energy.”

“Profound Movement Skill?” Yun Che was somewhat disappointed: “Are there no profound skills for attacking?”

“Out of all the Profound Attacking Skills in this princess’ possession, there is not one the current you is capable of learning. Even though ‘Star God’s Broken Shadow’ is only a Profound Movement Skill, you definitely shouldn’t look down on it. If Star God’s Broken Shadow is put to use, your speed will instantaneously explode and become so fast that even your afterimage wouldn’t have enough time to fade away. If you are able to master the primary stage of Star God Broken Shadow, then you wouldn’t lose when facing against two opponents of the same rank. If you can achieve the pinnacle of this skill, even if the opponents are over three or five levels higher than you, they still wouldn’t be able to easily defeat you.”

Jasmine’s last sentence instantly made Yun Che’s blood boil: “Also, it is this princess’ one and only Profound Movement Skill!”

What was Jasmine’s current level? The strength of her one and only Profound Movement Skill was obvious. Yun Che immediately nodded, “Yes, I’ll learn! Umm… Let’s start right away!”

Jasmine did not refuse and faintly stated: “If your perception is high enough, you can learn Star God’s Broken Shadow in three months, but if you perception is insufficient, you will not be able to learn it in your entire lifetime. Whether or not you are able to master it, and to what extent, shall be up to your own power of understanding now.”

This princess’ spiritual health is poor and must quickly return to the Sky Poison Pearl to recover. This princess will first tell you how to activate Star God’s Broken Shadow and explain its main aspects…. After that, it will be up to you.”

“Yes!” Yun Che earnestly nodded. He in place and and began to earnestly listen to Jasmine’s every word. The nearby residents and the Profound Beasts of this area did not dare approach the Flame Dragon Cave. And those people from the Burning Heaven Clan had already been scared out of their wits and it was even more impossible for them to return. Therefore, Yun Che did not have to worry about being disturbed in this place.

Star God’s Broken Shadow… This was the very first Profound Skill Yun Che would learn in this world. Only, the current him was completely unaware of what the two words “Star God” truly implied.

………………………………………………

Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, one month later.

It had just recently rained; the atmosphere was fresh and moist. Droplets of water still hung on the leaves and branches. At this moment, the stirring of the underbrush scared away the birds on the ground. As the bushes parted, an ash-gray wolf as tall as a man appeared with ferocious eyes and slowly moved about.

It was a Nascent Profound Beast of the first rank. In the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range, it was considered a menace and Elementary Profound Beasts did not dare to enter its territory.

Suddenly, a prey appeared in its line of sight; it was a youth dressed in black. He continued to walk towards this direction with a smile on his face as if he was completely unaware of the gaze of those dreadful eyes. Step by step, he drew closer and closer.

Whooosh!!

The gray wolf’s silhouette shot out from the bush like lightning; its explosive speed was truly frightening. Even if it were a profound practitioner in the True Profound Realm, it was nearly impossible to evade the gray wolf’s surprise attack. As its target came closer and closer to the gray wolf’s line of sight, its teeth were already aimed at its target’s throat and prepared to ferociously bite down….

Bang!

However, what caught the gray wolf off-guard was the fact that although it definitely reached the human’s body and was about to pin him down on the floor to bite at the throat, instead, its own body passed through the youth’s body and slammed into the ground.

Only then did the image of the youth disappear. Then, a fist filled with profound energy struck from the right side of the gray wolf and ruthlessly smashed the top of its head. It died with a blood-curdling screech as blood oozing out of its orifices.

With not even a single glance at the reckless gray wolf, Yun Che dusted his hands and continued to walk forward.

Jasmine could not help but state: “To unexpectedly complete the first stage of the Star God’s Broken Shadow within this span of just one month; your previous sixteen years of being a cripple was truly a waste of your comprehension.” She had originally thought that it would take Yun Che at least three months to somewhat master the first stage, but never would have thought that he would completely perfect the first stage within just one month, and was even able to freely utilize it.





Chapter 57 – New Moon City, Black Moon Merchant Guild


New Moon City; located in the central eastern area of the Blue Wind Empire with a scale more than ten times larger than Floating Cloud City. Small sects and clans were established throughout the city like trees in a forest. The Blue Wind Imperial Family had also set up an Imperial Profound Government here, and even Xiao Sect and Burning Heaven Clan had branch sects in this location. Thus, countless young profound practitioners rushed in from every direction in hopes of the fortunate possibility that they may join the major sects, while pursuing the way of the profound.

On this day, from the eastern side of the New Moon City gate, a youth dressed in black attire slowly walked up. He appeared to only be sixteen or seventeen and there was still some immaturity left on his features; however, his gaze was weighty and profound, and his complexion carried a resolute determination and indifference that was incompatible with his age. His progressive strides were very slow, and every step left a shallow print onto the solid ground along with a stream of startling sweat drops.

The distance between Cyan Forest Town and New Moon City was a total of three hundred fifty kilometers, and Yun Che had been walking for over a month. It wasn’t because he did not want to arrive sooner, but because he simply could not walk any faster.

On the day that he set off from Cyan Forest Town, Jasmine had asked him to find a heavy object that was more than two hundred kilograms…. But Yun Che was even more brutal on himself; he spent all of his remaining yellow profound coins and directly bought a chunk of pig iron that weighed three hundred and thirty kilograms from the smithery in Cyan Forest Town. Afterwards, Yun Che prepared rations and departed Cyan Forest Town. He didn’t buy a profound horse, but rather traveled by foot…. with this chunk of pig iron weighing three hundred and thirty kilos strapped onto his back.

If it was for a profound practitioner at the True Profound Realm, this weight wasn’t considered to be much; however for a profound practitioner at the Nascent Profound Realm, this was definitely not a weight that could be easily ignored.

The first day that Yun Che had carried the pig iron, every single step he took would consume a large amount of profound energy. At the same time, his shoulders would be in unbearable pain and his spine seemed like it would at break anytime. After walking for four hundred steps, all of his profound energy would be completely expended; his entire body would be pressed onto the ground by the pig iron and he would also be unable to stand back up for a long time. But after a slight recovery, he continued to march onwards, and carried that chunk of pig iron without the slightest intention of stopping.

Just like that, Yun Che walked the entire three hundred and fifty kilometers. For food, he had his unchanging dried rations and the low level profound recovering pellets he made, while his drink was the water he prepared at the waterfall from the Scarlet Dragon Mountain Range.

The sweat drops he left behind during this entire journey, if merged, was enough to form into a decently sized stream.

Yun Che’s frightening willpower astonished Jasmine yet again. It was because throughout the entire journey, Yun Che had not put down the pig iron on his back even once; even if he was completely exhausted and his back bled, his expression did not reveal the slightest hint of resignation, nor did he let out any sounds of painful suffering. Instead, he remained incomparably composed.

Three hundred and fifty kilometers. From the difficult initial step to the gradual adaption later on, after the process of exhausting and recovering again and again, for thousands of times, Yun Che’s profound energy in his profound veins became even more thicker and richer…. So much that there was an indication of another possible breakthrough half a month ago. However, Yun Che forcefully suppressed his profound power’s breakthrough. Since the earlier increase of his profound strength was too fierce, it was necessary for him to adequately stabilize the profound energy while also allowing his body to completely adapt and control his profound power.

On this day, New Moon City’s city gate finally appeared in his line of sight.

“Finally arrived.” As Yun Che strolled onward, the corner of his mouth formed a smile.

“The current you can undoubtedly achieve a perfect victory against any Profound Beasts of the same level. But in the end, profound beasts only have low intelligence and have very singular and boring attack patterns. If you want to become a legitimately strong practitioner, you’ll need to battle more with people…. Then, let us start with this New Moon City.” Jasmine said, as if she was an experienced elderly person

“Yes!” As Yun Che nodded his head. His gaze contained no fear at all, but instead possessed an indistinct excitement and expectation.

“Now, put down the pig iron on your body. Your current body should be completely used to the huge growth spike of profound power….. No, even if it had spiked up a few more levels, your body should still be able to endure it.”

Yun Che released the pig iron and dropped it down, causing it to smash a deep dent into the surface of the ground. At that instant, Yun Che felt that his body was so light that it seemed as if it didn’t exist. He slightly channeled some energy, and kicked under his foot; from this jump, he actually leapt over sixteen straight meters! After firmly landing onto the ground, he swung his right hand; a crimson colored flame fiercely ignited from his right hand, then quickly extinguished, re-ignited, and extinguished again…. he controlled it freely to his heart’s content without any resistance.

“I’ll tell you some good news. With your current body, you can barely endure the first stage of the Evil God’s seven gates! Which means, you can now attempt to open the first gate when you meet an opponent that you can’t defeat!”

“I can open the first gate already?” Yun Che’s face was full of astonishment.

“Only barely. As a last resort, you can try to open it. With your current profound power and physique, it shouldn’t cause any major danger to your life. However, I* am unsure about whether or not it would cause any permanent damage. Before reaching the seventh level of Nascent Profound Realm, it’s best to not use it recklessly.” Jasmine’s spoke with warning words.

Yun Che originally wanted to try to feel the sensation of opening the first gate, and at the same time, wanted to see how powerful the profound skills would be with the gate open. But after listening to Jasmine’s words, he could only obediently put down that thought. If by chance his body couldn’t endure and was injured permanently, that would certainly be a huge loss.

As he walked closer to New Moon City, the thick and majestic city wall appeared in front of Yun Che with a wave of extremely oppressing force. Endless people flowed in and out under the towering city gate, displaying a bustle that would almost never occur in Floating Cloud City.

If one entered the streets of New Moon City and looked around, different styles of buildings and storefronts sprawled on without end. As crowds moved together, the waves of clamor were like the tide; it was exceedingly lively and bustling. In addition, regardless of gender or age, nearly everyone carried varied levels of profound energy.

“This is a large city after all. In comparison, Floating Cloud City only resembled a slightly large town.” Yun Che sighed.

“Hello, the uncle over there. If I may ask, where is the location of the Black Moon Merchant Guild?” Yun Che stopped a middle-aged man who looked to be relatively good-natured, and politely asked him.

“Black Moon Merchant Guild?” The man assessed Yun Che from head to toe. Although his ordinary attire and his overly young age made him a bit skeptical, he still extended his hand and pointed: “Head west straight from here, after crossing about seven streets, turn right and keep walking, then you’ll arrive. However, young man, for a place like Black Moon Merchant Guild, no matter buying or selling, it is necessary to have a considerable capital.”

Yun Che nodded, said his thanks, and walked toward the direction he pointed to. After passing seven extremely long streets, he took a right turn. After continuously walking for another half a quarter of an hour, the flow of people suddenly decreased. Even the atmosphere had become quite different.

A huge plaque embedded with a black waning moon appeared in Yun Che’s line of sight;the four words “Black Moon Merchant Guild” were lined horizontally below the black moon. Although they were only four words, they carried an inexplicable deterrent force. It was different from the bustling and liveliness on other streets; not only were the amount of people that passes through very few, most of them also walked with hurried footsteps and with their mouths tightly closed. Let alone being bustling, there weren’t even anyone that spoke loudly, as if they were afraid to disturb something.

“This Black Moon Merchant Guild, is really just as grandfather had described.” Yun Che quietly muttered to himself.

Black Moon Merchant Guild’s headquarters was located in the greatest country in the Profound Sky Continent, the Divine Phoenix Empire. Its branch guilds had reached every country and major city, and was reputed to be the biggest merchant guild chain in the Profound Sky Continent.

Of course the Black Moon Merchant Guild wasn’t as simple as just a merchant guild; to make the Black Moon Merchant Guild dominate all of Profound Sky Continent, one could imagine the degree of influence behind its back. When Xiao Lie had talked about the Black Moon Merchant Guild earlier, he had very seriously mentioned that even the four major sects would never dare to be rash in the Black Moon Merchant Guild.

The Black Moon Merchant Guild’s system was extremely stringent; in transactions, they could almost achieve absolute fairness, and would never be biased against any one side. However, the Black Moon Merchant Guild usually only deal in merchandise with a high enough grade, and would never take even a glance at goods of a lower quality.

After confirming the position of the Black Moon Merchant Guild, Yun Che went into a corner with no one around.. He then took out a small bottle of medicinal powder he had refined earlier, and quickly smeared it on his face.

“What are you doing?” Jasmine curiously asked.

Yun Che did not answer. After he lifted up his face again, the immature features had already disappeared, and what replaced it was the resolute and stern face of a middle-aged person; even his gaze was filled with the vicissitude of life. He also rubbed small amounts of the medicinal powder onto his hands, which made them appear somewhat shriveled. Then he took out a cloak that appeared to be slightly worn out, switched out the black clothing he was wearing before, and took out a bamboo hat that covered a half of his face after being worn.

“You even know how to disguise?” Jasmine yelled out in astonishment.

“For a doctor of miracles, being able to disguise is nothing.” Yun Che had on a proud smile. Soon after, his entire face became stiff and ice-cold, and even his voice turned hoarse: “No matter where Black Moon Merchant Guild appears, it would always be the magnate of the Merchant Guilds in the area, unmatched by anyone. If it is a high enough grade, Black Moon Merchant Guild would buy and sell anything…. There may even be pretty clothing for girls; let’s go in and take a look.”

As he mentioned the words “pretty clothing for girls”, Yun Che clearly heard Jasmine let out the faint *chirp* sound of bird.

For commoners, they would all hold a sense of deep reverence toward the Black Moon Merchant Guild; when they pass by this place, they would all quickly walk past, and did not dare to make any movements that could possibly offend the Black Moon Merchant Guild. Yun Che’s bizarre appearance had attracted many people’s attention; but when they saw him calmly and readily walk into the Black Moon Merchant guild, their gazes that looked at Yun Che also filled with a little bit of reverence…. To have the capital to trade inside Black Moon Merchant Guild, one would undoubtedly be a person of great importance.

The interior of the Black Moon Merchant Guild was very spacious, and its silence carried a kind of looming pressure. If normal people walked inside, they would all be constrained by the atmosphere, to the point of not being able to breath. Atop the enormous cargo shelves, there was a dazzling assortment of merchandise; medicinal ingredients, pellets, weapons, armors, gems, low rank profound beast cores, and even low rank profound skills…. It had everything. But unquestionably, none of the things being sold here were inexpensive. Some may be impossible for a regular family to purchase even with a lifetimes worth of savings.





Chapter 58 – False Bravado


There was a thirty something year old man standing behind the counter inside the Black Moon Merchant Guild. Even though Yun Che had entered with this strange disguise, he only glanced at him and asked: “Buying or selling?”

Yun Che went straight to the point; raising his right hand to place three scarlet-colored pills on top of the counter, he coldly said: “Three Fire Spirit Pills, make an offer!”

These three Fire Spirit Pills were made by refining the Fire Spirit Grass Yun Che had collected from the Flame Dragon’s cave.

“Fire Spirit Pill?” The clerk’s rigid face finally made a small expression as he picked up one of the pills and lightly stroked it. Suddenly, his complexion changed and was barely able to let out his voice: “Ten… Tenth rank Fire Spirit Pill!!”

In order to synthesize a medicine pill, it had to pass through the required harvesting of ingredients, looking through the storage, selecting the correct refining tools, proper heat control, and a crucial refining skill. So it was normal for the potency of the medicinal power to be reduced during this whole process. During the refining process, even for an high level pharmacist, it was practically impossible to avoid losing some of the medicinal power. Therefore, a pill of the sixth rank was already considered a top grade item. A pill of the seventh or eighth rank was rare and was already considered to be the highest quality. A top-notch pharmacist belonging to one of the major sects might be able to produce a pill of the ninth rank, but it would be considered a peerless item. As for a tenth ranked pill, even for a first rate pharmacist, to come across one would be one in a ten thousand.

The higher the potency of the medicine pill, the higher the price, and the faster the body would be able to naturally refine it. The price of an eight ranked pill would be double of the price of a seventh ranked pill. But for a ninth ranked pill, it would almost be impossible to be found on the market. These were usually kept by the major sects for use for their core disciples or used to offer tribute. As for a tenth ranked pill, it was also rarely seen even in the Sky Profound Continent’s Black Moon Merchant Guild.

If only one of the pills was tenth ranked, it would be nothing much, but the clerk stared with wide eyes when he realized that all three of the Fire Spirit Pills were of the tenth rank. Fire Spirit Grass was already hard to find, but it was also very difficult to refine it into a Fire Spirit Pill. As for it being of the tenth rank, he had never even heard of one before. He could only imagine what would happen if a Profound Practitioner practicing in the fire arts were to set their eyes on these three Fire Spirit Pills; they would most likely covet it with eyes popping out.

“Make an offer!” Yun Che coldly said again.

The clerk finally snapped out of it and quickly brought out a black wooden box and placed the three Fire Spirit Pills into it to prevent the medicinal energy from dispersing. His expression was now a bit more respectful as he faced Yun Che….

These were three Fire Spirit Pills of the tenth rank and were actually brought out to be sold for money! Black Moon Merchant Guild usually had an air of arrogance, but anyone would be able to tell that this person was definitely of great importance. The clerk courteously said: “These three Fire Spirit Pills of the tenth rank are the best of the best, as for the price… I will give you a hundred purple profound coins each; therefore, how about three hundred purple profound coins total?”

“…” Yun Che was silent for a while.

Since Yun Che was silent for quite some time, the clerk began to panic in fear. He carefully took note of the situation; if the price was not satisfactory, he would not hesitate to increase it. These three Fire Spirit Pills of the tenth rank, each one would without a doubt obtain a sky-high price if sold to any one of those major sects of the Profound Sky Continent that practiced in the fire attribute.

How was he supposed to know Yun Che was silent not because of the low-ball offer…. but was immediately taken aback by the offered price

Three hundred purple profound coins… Holy crap!! That was a whole three million yellow profound coins!! It was equivalent to a century’s worth of income from an average family!

On the Azure Cloud Continent, during the times he followed his master around, his master refined medicine to save lives and never once did he charge a single coin. After the death of his master, he had only used the Sky Poison Pearl to refine medicine pills for himself to use in order to increase his strength; therefore, he had no concept of the actual market price or value of each medicinal pill.

He had originally thought selling a Fire Spirit Pill for one purple profound coin would have already been pretty good. After selling three, he would have enough to live extravagantly for a short while. But he never expected he would be offered three hundred purple profound coins; he was stupefied.

These medicine pills were unexpectedly quite valuable!!

On the Profound Sky Continent, good medicinal pills were ridiculously expensive. Because high grade medicine pills were used for Profound Cultivation; it was a shortcut to increase one’s Profound Energy. Many painstakingly years of cultivation could not compare with just being able to intake a medicinal pill.

His continued silence made the clerk nervously state, “If you are still unsatisfied with the price, then…”

Before even letting him finish, Yun Che exclaimed: “Deal!”

For his offer to be immediately accepted, the clerk could not hide his delight; because even if one was priced to be sold for a thousand purple profound coins, any of those major sects would easily fight over it. He quickly gathered the Fire Spirit Pills and turned around. After a while, he brought out a shiny violet card, presented to Yun Che and stated, “This is your Profound Currency Card, please accept it. If you require anything else, you are always welcomed at our Black Moon Merchant Guild.”

This violet Profound Currency Card held the coins inside it. Yun Che decided to inspect its content and found not a single coin less; it was exactly three hundred purple profound coins!

Yun Che has never had this much money in his entire life. His entire savings for the past sixteen years could only amount to a little more than a thousand yellow profound coins.

Three hundred purple profound coins! How long would it take to spend all of it? If Little Aunt saw this, she would definitely be shocked.

After putting the Profound Currency Card away, Yun Che did not immediately leave. He used his right hand to again put something on the counter and coldly said, “A profound core, your offer!”

After placing the scarlet-colored profound core on the counter, Yun Che heard Jasmine’s questioning voice in his head: “What are you doing? You want to sell it? Are you crazy?”

Yun Che promptly replied: “No no, of course I’m not selling it. You don’t have to worry; I just want to scare them a little so that in the future, it would be more convenient for me to do business here.”

Jasmine did not respond.

“Profound core?” the clerk suspiciously picked it up. Members of the Black Moon Merchant Guild, even of the lowest rank, still had the ability to be an astonishing person. However, he was still unable to determine which beast this profound beast core came from.

He picked up the profound core and gently caressed it. Soon after, his complexion suddenly changed; his eyes opened wide as he raised both trembling hands: “This… this… this this this… dragon… dragon core! Not only that, it’s an Emperor Profound Dragon Core!!”

“Humph! Fussing over nothing, quickly make an offer!” Yun Che said impatiently.

The clerk placed the profound core back onto the counter, afraid to pick it up again. His view of Yun Che had completely changed from before; it was a difference of heaven and earth. He politely said: “Esteemed Customer, please… please wait a moment. For such an important matter, this little one here does not have the authority to make the decision…”

At this point, he turned around and shouted towards the floor above, “Elder Pu, come quickly! It’s an important business matter! Quick!”

Not long after, a petite elderly man appeared atop the staircase and slowly walked down. Even though the staircase was made of wood, his steps did not make the typical creaking noise one would make. His pair of eyes were gentle yet full of vitality. His name was Pu He —— known to everyone in New Moon City as the manager of this Black Moon Merchant Guild branch.

“Important business matter?” Pu He calmly, yet proudly, walked over and subtly glanced at Yun Che.

“Elder Pu, come… come look!” The clerk picked up the profound core with trembling hands and presented it to Pu He.

Pu He glared at him and displeasingly said, “Humph. Get a hold of yourself, how can you let such a small profound core put you in this state! Could it be that this is a Sky Profound core? Look at you, people will start to think that our Black Moon Merchant Guild is lacking!”

Pu He lectured with an icy glare as he took the profound core. In that instant, he suddenly stopped talking as his hands slightly trembled. He quickly brought it closer to his eyes and carefully used a bit of his profound energy to examine it. His body trembled as his beard perked up and cried out with a voice an octave higher than the clerk’s, “Emp… Emperor Profound… Dragon Core!!”

The clerk secretly gave him a look… Just a moment ago, you lectured me, but you yelled out louder than I did.

“Humph! A mere Emperor Profound core has already gotten you guys to cause such a fuss; Black Moon Merchant Guild is truly promising.”

Pu He was extremely shocked when he heard this statement said by a cold husky voice. He promptly hid his expression, looked at Yun Che, and earnestly sized him up. He carefully placed the Flame Dragon’s core back onto the counter and respectfully asked: “Esteemed Customer, would it be possible to tell us your honorable name?”

When he first came down, he had only glanced at Yun Che. Upon seeing the zombie-like face, he had only snorted in disdain because who in New Moon City would dare to be cocky in his Black Moon Merchant Guild. But now, Pu He thought the way Yun Che looked was perfectly normal. A person who was capable of obtaining an Emperor Profound Dragon core, what kind of existence was he? What use would he have for a small town’s Black Moon Merchant Guild?

When he studied this “middle-aged man” earlier, he had been shocked because this person possessed extremely sharp and keen eyes. With such eyes, it would be impossible to hide anything in front of this man.

Yun Che squinted his eyes, with a cold demeanor asked: “Your Black Moon Merchant Guild just conducts business transactions, when did it add on a new rule of asking for someone’s name?”,

In that split second, Pu He felt a hint of killing intent… Although it was only for a brief moment, it still made all the hair on his body stand up. He himself had killed many people in this lifetime and had been through many near-death experiences as well; so he was very easily able to understand and sense killing intent. But in his entire life, he had never felt such a terrifying killing intent from a moment ago; he could not even image how many people one would have to kill to obtain such a terrifying killing aura… Ten thousand? A hundred thousand… Or possibly…. a number that would scare even ghosts, a million?

Perhaps the killing intent of a Hell Asura in legends would not possibly compare to this.

Pu He’s heart rate jumped up as he broke out in a cold sweat; of all the years he had been in New Moon City, this was the very first time he’d ever broken out in cold sweat. A deathly pale face with a terrifying murderous aura; he was even able to take out an Emperor Profound core as if it was nothing… Exactly what Realm was this person in! This murderous aura; perhaps killing people was something he casually did… Then if someone were to annoy him…

At this point, Pu He’s back was soaked with cold sweat; he lowered his head and respectfully answered: “No no, please don’t mind Pu He. In the presence of one who is able to kill an Emperor Profound beast, nevertheless an Emperor Profound True Dragon, one can only be admired and be unrivaled. Pu He couldn’t hold back his admiration and let his tongue slip.”

He really wanted to know the rank of this “terrifying person”, but even if he was given even more courage, he would still not dare to test Yun Che’s level of Profound power.

“Humph!” Yun Che coldly snorted.

After the murderous aura had dispersed, Pu He was finally able to let out a sigh of relief and politely asked: “An Emperor Profound core is an immeasurable treasure; not to mention New Moon City, even in all of Blue Wind Empire, one would only appear once in a century. Why would our Esteemed Customer would want such a treasure… to be sold?”

“It’s useless to me!” Yun Che nonchalantly stated.

Useless to him? Pu He’s heart skipped a beat… Even an Emperor Profound core was easily dismissible, exactly what realm was this person in?

Pu He bitterly smiled and said, “Esteemed Customer, although this Pu greatly desires this Emperor Profound Dragon core, I do not want to hide the fact that this is an extremely valuable item, so its value is simply incalculable. Even if this Pu offered you the value of this Black Moon Merchant Guild’s branch, it may still only be worth one fifth of this Emperor Profound Dragon’s core.”





Chapter 59 – Brother-In-Law?!


“However, if Esteemed Customer is set on selling it, it would be better to go to our Black Moon Merchant Guild branch located in Blue Wind Imperial City. They will definitely be able to offer you a price that is to your satisfaction,” stated Pu He as he carefully picked up the Emperor Profound Dragon core and placed it in front of Yun Che.

Yun Che silently took back the profound core without the slightest change in facial expression. He did not leave immediately, but suddenly asked: “What kind of person is Sikong Han?”

This question startled Pu He, but he politely replied: “In New Moon City, this Pu only knows of one called Sikong Han. He is the Great Elder of the New Moon Profound Palace appointed here by the Imperial Family; he is an upright individual with a very high standing in New Moon City. Is there some kind of relationship between Esteemed Customer and Sikong Han?”

“Humph!”

Yun Che just snorted without even a reply, turned, and started to leave… At this moment, Jasmine suddenly voiced out mentally: “Don’t leave! This princess wants that red one, buy it buy it buy it!”

Yun Che stopped in his tracks, turned back around and looked in the direction of what Jasmine was talking about. Towards the top left of the enormous shelf full of goods, he saw a dark red dress. It was a small, yet exquisite dress that was clearly made for a young lady. He pointed at the dress and asked with oblique eyes: “How much?”

Yun Che stopping and suddenly coming back startled Pu He; he promptly looked at the dress and politely answered: “Esteemed Customer, you may not know this, but this ‘Smoky Red Fairy Dress’ is made for girls under fourteen years of age. It is rather small and may not be suitable for your wife.”

Yun Che rolled his eyes and coldly replied: “Daughter.”

Jasmine: “~！#￥%……”

Pu He promptly explained: “This Smoky Red Fairy Dress was made with heavenly silk chiffon and embroidered with eighty one blood red crystal tassels; not only is its luster breathtaking, it can ward off evil spirits and is quite delicate to the touch. In the entire New Moon City, this is the one and only available; therefore, it is somewhat expensively priced at five hundred purple profound coins.”

“……” Yun Che’s outer appearance remained quite calm, but his heart felt like it had just been trampled by a few thousand galloping mud-grass-horses.

Of course Yun Che knew what blood red crystals were. Not only were their color radiant, when worn on the body, it could help regulate blood flow and ward off evil spirits; therefore, it was quite expensive. But this Fairy Dress had rows of glistening tassels, and all of them were blood red crystals! All eighty one of them! And its value, was unexpectedly priced as high as five hundred purple profound coins!

At first, getting ahold of three hundred purple profound coins was like getting rich overnight for Yun Che, and he hadn’t even thought about how he would spend it. Who would have thought that he could not even afford to buy a single girl’s dress!! This shrewd Black Moon Merchant Guild; when it came to selling, they were definitely not playing around!

Before coming to New Moon City, he had already promised Jasmine multiple times that he would buy her the finest of clothes, but the very first piece that caught her attention was this…

Seeing Yun Che’s predicament, Pu He did not even hesitate as he reached for the Smoky Red Fairy Dress, placed it in front of Yun Che and said while smiling: “When Esteemed Customer brought the Emperor Profound Dragon core here, you had already been quite considerate of us, but this Pu’s little store’s financials were truly lacking and has inconvenienced you. This Smoky Red Fairy Dress, please accept this gift as an apology and…”

Pu He swallowed and cautiously said: “Take this chance to become friends.”

Even for this small branch of the Black Moon Merchant Guild, five hundred purple profound coins was by no means a small amount. But if they were able to make a good impression on this great individual and create even a small favorable relationship, it would absolutely be worth it.

Yun Che was silent for a moment, then picked up the Smoky Red Fairy Dress, and slowly turned to leave as he made a short statement: “I will remember this favor.”

As Yun Che disappeared from his line of sight, Pu He finally let out a sigh of relief as he subconsciously wiped the sweat off his forehead. The clerk who did not dare to make a single sound finally walked over and whispered: “Elder Pu, when did New Moon City have such a person of this magnitude; he even had an Emperor Profound core. This this… Earlier, when I realized it was an Emperor Profound core, my heart almost stopped from the shock. If news of the Emperor Profound Dragon core was to spread… the entirety of New Moon City, no… no! Experts from all over would flock here to New Moon City and…” After speaking to this point, the clerk just shuddered.

“You fool!” Pu He glared at him: “How can that person be from New Moon City! If there was such a person here in New Moon City, wouldn’t we know? Furthermore, he has an Emperor Profound Dragon core and wanted to sell it; it’s obvious it means nothing to him. This person’s Profound Realm should be beyond the scope of our understanding. Do you really think he would be afraid of those who would come after his Emperor Profound Dragon core?”

“But, when he first came in and I probed his profound strength, how come I only sensed that he was only at the first rank of the Nascent Profound Realm?”

“You’re still too young.” Pu He patted him on the shoulder and earnestly said: “A person who is able to kill an Emperor Profound beast; there’s no way you would be able to sense what Profound Realm he was in! Once you’re at his level, one can easily hide their Profound aura; not to mention lowering it to the Nascent Profound Realm, it wouldn’t be odd if they lowered it to the Elementary Profound Realm. So the next time you come across someone who seems to be of a lower Profound Realm, especially if they’re not young, you absolutely cannot be haughty because they might actually be an top-notch expert.”

“Ooooh.” The clerk nodded and brought out the black wooden box used to hold the Fire Spirit Pills and said: “Elder Pu, I almost forgot, but before he brought out the Profound core, there were these three Fire Spirit Pills; also, these three Fire Spirit Pills are all of the tenth rank!”

“What!?” The startled Pu He immediately picked up the three Fire Spirit Pills and spoke with a trembling voice: “To be able to create tenth ranked medicine pills; only those first rate pharmacists from the top major sects are able to accomplish it. This person must be from a place at the same level of the Sanctuary or the Ocean Palace. No wonder he had such a terrifying killing aura!”

When recalling the killing intent that made all of his hair stand up, Pu He shuddered. He was quite relieved that the previous situation was handled properly…. on top of that, they had actually gained a bit of favor.

After Yun Che left the Black Moon Merchant Guild, he walked a considerable distance before finding an uninhabited area. He quickly changed his clothes, removed the disguise on his face, and leisurely walked out in a different direction in which he came from. Then came the angry voice of Jasmine in his head:

“You dare say that this princess is your daughter!”

“I had no other choice. Was I supposed to say I was buying it for my master?”

“Yeah, that wouldn’t do…. Humph! I’ll let it pass this time because this piece of clothing is really not bad, but if you ever dare to speak nonsense about this princess again, I’ll definitely not show you any mercy!”

“Five hundred purple profound coins! If I added up the value of all the clothes I had worn in two lifetimes, it still wouldn’t add up to the value of a piece of this dress!” Yun Che barked back.

“This princess granted you new Profound Veins and even became your master. To this day, I’ve only wanted this five hundred purple profound coins worth of an item and you’re already complaining.”

Yun Che was speechless…

“You really were too bold earlier and went as far as letting them get ahold of the profound core. Aren’t you afraid that they would kill you for it? This princess can’t even use a bit of her profound energy right now; if they decided to act, not only would we lose the profound core, we’d lose our lives as well!” Jasmine coldly exclaimed.

“No, it’s the opposite.” Yun Che laughed: “The more arbitrarily I leave the Profound Core in their hands, the more afraid they’ll be to try anything devious; even if they did sense my Profound Strength, it would only cause them to become more cautious. As for whether they’d spread this information, that’s their own business and I could care less. But if I had to guess, there’s a ninety percent chance that they won’t.”

“Today, this princess has finally seen what false bravado was. However by doing this, what are you really up to?”

“In the entire Profound Sky Continent, the one with the most resources and connections is the Black Moon Merchant Guild. As for the truly good items, they will inflate the price and only sell them to the major sects. For a person like me, even if I was wealthy, they still wouldn’t sell to me. Therefore, I had to make a strong impression and establish myself in their eyes. In any case, having this Emperor Profound Dragon core, along with my disguise, I could easily accomplished this. Like this, it’ll be more convenient to deal with the Black Moon Merchant Guild in the future…… Oh oh, not even speaking of the future, didn’t it already work just earlier? Everyone in the Black Moon Merchant Guild is quite arrogant; If I hadn’t scared them just now, would they have eagerly taken the initiative to gift this Smoky Red Fairy Dress to me? Oh right, the Udumbara Flower and even the Purple Veined God Crystals that you need, the Black Moon Merchant Guild also has the highest probability of having it.”

Jasmine was silent for a while, before suddenly asking: “Earlier in the Black Moon Merchant Guild, what’s with the murderous aura that came from you?”

That split second of killing intent had even shocked Jasmine. It was a kind of murderous aura that could almost solidify, and was not a bit inferior to her own murderous aura… … This kind of murderous aura could not be cultivated, nor could it be faked; only through taking innumerable number of lives would one slowly accumulate it. But a murderous aura to be at this bone-chilling level, at least hundreds of thousand or even millions of lives had to to be taken….

That split second of killing intent had even caused enough fear for Pu He who was at the Earth Profound Realm to suffocate. Otherwise, for people of Pu He’s level, with their years of experience and keen eyes, it wouldn’t be guaranteed that they wouldn’t doubt Yun Che.

Yun Che paused for a while, and spoke with melancholy: “ If I told you, you definitely wouldn’t believe me, but we are… truly alike.”

…………………………

Aside from the Imperial Capital in Blue Wind Imperial City, there was a total of seventy two other cities with Profound Palaces appointed by the Imperial Family. New Moon City was one of those cities and its New Moon Profound Palace was ranked among the best. In addition, the requirement to get accepted into the palace wasn’t considered high, or at least, was much lower than those slightly famous middle leveled sects; therefore, countless Profound Practitioners tried to seek admittance every year.

The New Moon Profound Palace in New Moon City had established the Profound Department, Medicine Department, Literature Department, Music Department, Art Department…. et cetera, for a total of thirteen departments; so it was only natural the area that the palace occupied would be huge. Sikong Han, whom Yun Che was searching for, was also the Head Elder of the New Moon Profound Palace and his position was second only to the three Palace Chiefs. However, even Xiao Lie was not aware of Sikong Han’s identity in New Moon City.

After asking around, Yun Che quickly arrived at New Moon Profound Palace’s location. As he was hesitating on whether or not he should enter, an exaggerated voice suddenly came from his left: “B-b-b…. brother-in-law!!!?”





Chapter 60 – New Moon Profound Palace, Sikong Han


This voice stunned Yun Che for a moment. He turned around and bewilderedly looked at the imposing man in front of him…. Ah no, it was a youth! When seeing his figure, no one would believe that he was only a youth of fifteen. With a height of over two meters and twenty or thirty centimeters, his entire body was even more shockingly burly; blocks of muscles were stacked up high, and just by standing there, he looked like a small mountain….

“Yuanba! Why are you here?” Yun Che said with a completely astonished face. This astonishingly burly youth was actually Xia Qingyue’s little brother, and his only best friend from a young age —- Xia Yuanba!

“Brother-in-law, it really is you!” Seeing Yun Che’s face, Xia Yuanba’s voice grew somewhat louder as he rushed over with a face that brimmed with surprise and joy. As he ran over, even the ground slightly quivered; if one saw Xia Yuanba’s posture, it looked as if he may be coming in for a bear hug. Yun Che could not help but feel his scalp go numb, and unconsciously took two steps back… If he was hugged like this, suffering a bone fracture would be considered as getting off light.

“Stop-stop-stop-stop-stop!” Yun Che quickly waved his hands, stopping the excited Xia Yuanba who’d almost hugged him. He then looked at him from head to toe, and asked again: “Yuanba, why are you here in this place?”

“I should be the one asking Brother-in-law this question.” Xia Yuanba’s face flushed with excitement: “Half a year ago, I heard you were driven out of your clan. I searched for you for many days but I still failed to find you. Phew, it’s really good that you’re alright. I thought that something had happened to you, and couldn’t sleep peacefully at all during these past six months.”

Xia Yuanba’s surprise and concern came entirely from the bottom of his heart. In this world, apart from Xiao Lie and Xiao Lingxi, the only person who cared about him was his childhood friend, Xia Yuanba. With his heart greatly moved, Yun Che stepped forward and patted his robust arm: “Rest assured, my life is awfully tough, how could anything happen to me? Being driven out of the Xiao Clan was actually a good thing; the outside world is much more wonderful than the Floating Cloud City that we spent ten or so years of our lives in. These past six months I’ve been continuously walking west from Floating Cloud City, and it was only today that I arrived at New Moon City. For you to be here…. Don’t tell me?”

Yun Che looked to the side and glanced at New Moon Profound Palace’s large and eye-catching signboard.

“Hehe, Brother-in-law really is smart. I’ve currently entered the New Moon Profound Palace.” As he spoke about the New Moon Profound Palace, Yuanba’s face expressed a hint of pride: “I had already came here six months ago, and I’ve also entered the Profound Department’s Class One.”

“Class One? Is it hard to enter this class?” Listening to Xia Yuanba’s tone, this “Class One” seemed to be very amazing.

“Of course.” Xia Yuanba nodded and boastfully said: “Class One is taught by Profound Department’s Great Elder himself. The requirements to enter the Class One is the highest; you must either have enough talent, or… Hehe, have sufficient connections.

Yun Che remembered that six months ago, Xia Yuanba was at the fourth level of Elementary Profound Realm. At this age, that level could only be regarded as mediocre and not even a dime of “good enough talent”; which meant that it could only be the latter. Yun Che asked with a face full of suspicion: “Your family has a relationship with the New Moon Profound Palace?”

Xia Yuanba answered with an embarrassed laugh: “Oh. As a matter of fact, when my grandfather was young, he would often visit New Moon City and made a really good friend here. That friend later became one of the Vice-Chiefs of New Moon Profound Palace. Therefore, not only did I not take the test to get into New Moon Profound Palace, but I also got into Class One.”

“Let’s not talk about these things. Brother-in-law, were you always by yourself? Did you find a place to stay in New Moon City yet? What are you going to do from now on?” Xia Yuanba asked in a somewhat anxious tone; his deep feelings of concern was exhibited through this question. He understood Yun Che all too well; physique was only so-so, had never stepped outside of Floating Cloud City before reaching sixteen, and the most crucial point was that, with his profound vein disability, it was fundamentally impossible for him to have the ability to defend himself. It was hard to not worry about him.

Yun Che did not answer Xia Yuanba’s question but instead asked as he raised his head: “The Great Elder you talked about that supervises Class One, is he called Sikong Han?” His figure was not considered short but standing in front of Xia Yuanba, he almost felt like that he had just walked out of a Lilliputian Nation.

“Eh? That’s right. That’s exactly Elder Sikong. Brother-in-law, didn’t you just arrive at New Moon City? How do you know about Elder Sikong?” Xia Yuanba asked whilst rubbing his head.

“He and my grandfather had a relationship; before I left Floating Cloud City, Grandfather told me to come and find him.” Yun Che said.

When he heard what Yun Che had said Xia Yuanba’s eyes immediately brightened, as he excitedly replied: “That’s great! Elder Sikong’s prestige is very high in New Moon City, and he also treats others very nicely. If he and Grandfather Xiao knows each other, perhaps he can arrange a place for you to stay… Mn, it would be even better if he could arrange a place inside New Moon Profound Palace.”

Yun Che started to smile: “Then, take me to find him.”

Actually, Yun Che did not intend to stay in New Moon City for long, because beneath the heavens, everywhere was his training ground. Only, he was unwilling to abandon his grandfather’s painstaking wish and also wanted to see if he could get some sort of opportunity from Sikong Han.

“Oh, okay.” Xia Yuanba immediately nodded. Then, his expression suddenly paused a bit as he reached out his hand to scratch his ears: “But, it’s not definite that you’ll be able to see him today. Because today just happens to be the new Palace Chief’s appointment day, and there’s still a congratulatory feast in the evening. I heard that all of New Moon City’s well-known sects and clans with influence will all be there; Elder Sikong should be busy preparing for it.”

Yun Che thought for a bit, and said: “So it’s like this… Lets still go and visit him. It’s best if we can get to see him, and if we couldn’t manage see him, then we’ll put it off for tomorrow.”

“Oh, okay.”

Immediately, Xia Yuanba brought Yun Che and walked toward the New Moon Profound Palace’s main entrance. At the main entrance, the two were stopped. The young gatekeeper held out his arm in front of Yun Che and blocked him: “Non-disciples of the Palace are not allowed to enter.”

Xia Yuanba quickly said: “Senior Brother Zhan, he is my brother-in-law, and has business with Elder Sikong.”

The person that Yuanba called “Senior Brother Zhan” had a solemn complexion, and respectfully said: “Usually, a Palace disciple can bring one person inside, but not today. This evening is the congratulatory feast for the new Palace Chief’s appointment; the Elders are currently busy with many affairs, and it’s inconvenient to meet guests. If you have any business, come back tomorrow.”

“This….” Xia Yuanba could only helplessly look at Yun Che.

Yun Che deliberately took out the wooden tablet that grandfather had given him, and said: “I wonder if this wooden tablet could possibly let me enter and see Elder Sikong right now?”

“Senior Brother Zhan” casually glanced at the wooden tablet. As he was about to speak, his gaze suddenly snapped back onto the wooden tablet again, and answered while knitting his brow: “This is…. Elder Sikong’s Seven Profound Tablet? Oh, should’ve taken that out earlier, please enter.”

When he finished speaking, he withdrew his extended arm, took a step back, and signaled Yun Che and Xia Yuanba to come in.

Yun Che only wanted to try it, but he didn’t expect that it would actually succeed. After entering New Moon Profound Palace, Xia Yuanba said with an astonished face: “Brother-in-law, how do you have Elder Sikong’s Seven Profound Tablet? Only the seven people closest to the Elder have this, and with this tablet, you could be considered a person of the New Moon Profound Palace, and can freely enter the New Moon Profound Palace as well.

“Sikong Han gave it to grandfather back then when they were young; perhaps it’s to help grandfather to find him with ease in the New Moon Profound Palace.” Yun Che interpreted. He then thought: Sikong Han actually gave such a tablet to grandfather, it seems that back in those days, Grandfather didn’t grant him just any small kindness.

Now, Xia Yuanba brought Yun Che and directly walked toward the Elder’s Hall in New Moon Profound Palace; along the way he introduced New Moon Profound Palace and what he had experienced in the past six months to Yun Che.

At this moment, Yun Che suddenly heard Jasmine’s somewhat peculiar voice in his mind: “This person, is your friend?”

“Yes. Are there any problems?” For Jasmine to actually ask about Xia Yuanba, Yun Che’s heart bursted with surprise.

“How old?”

“Fifteen and a half.”

“Fifteen and a half years old……” Jasmine pondered for a second, then said with a low voice: “This person, actually possesses the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins!”

“Tyrannical Emperor’s….. Divine Veins?” Yun Che’s footsteps paused, frowning: “What do you mean?”

“His Profound Veins are very special, his vein width is more than twice that of ordinary people, and even the structure is quite different. These Profound Veins are known as the Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins. Even in the Divine… Well, in short, it is an extremely rare profound vein, if it were in the place where I was born, people who have this profound vein would inevitably dominate a region, and be appointed as an emperor. But for it to have appeared in this kind of place, what a wasted vein! The reason why his veins are excessively large is also because of his Tyrannical Emperor’s Divine Veins. With these veins, while it’s not obvious at the Elementary Profound Realm, once he steps into the Nascent Profound Realm and his profound power matures, he would have to put in at least ten times the effort of ordinary people for every level after! Also, throughout his entire lifetime, he can only progress up to Nascent Profound Realm, and will never breakthrough into True Profound Realm。”

Yun Che: “….”

“Brother-in-law, we’re here.”

Even though Yun Che wanted to continue to question, Xia Yuanba had already pulled him in front of the Elder’s Hall.

“I’ll go see if Elder Sikong is here.”

As Xia Yuanba was just about to knock, the door suddenly opened by itself, and a man that looked to be forty something years old, who wore a dark colored robe, walked out. When seeing him, Xia Yuanba quickly greeted him: “Elder Sikong, you’re actually here. That’s wonderful.”

This person was exactly the Sikong Han Yun Che was looking for, even though he looked a bit younger than what Yun Che had imagined. After seeing Xia Yuanba, he smiled gently: “Oh? Yuanba, do you need anything from me?”

“It’s my brother-in-law, he has some business with you.” Xia Yuanba shifted his body, revealing Yun Che, who was completely blocked by his huge body earlier, to Sikong Han.

Yun Che walked up and politely spoke: “Elder Sikong, Junior Yun Che came from Floating Cloud City in the east. I wonder if Elder Sikong is still able to recall an old friend from Floating Cloud City named Xiao Lie?”

“Xiao Lie? You said Xiao Lie?”

Hearing this name, a reaction that exceeded Yun Che’s expectations came from Sikong Han. In one fast step he walked over and grabbed Yun Che’s shoulder with both of his hands: “Where is he? Could it be that he has come to New Moon City?”

Yun Che shook his head:” No. Right now, grandfather is still in Floating Cloud City. I’m here to find you in accordance to grandfather’s wish.”

After finished speaking, Yun Che took out the Seven Profound Tablet, and brought it in front of Sikong Han’s eyes.

Sikong Han picked up the tablet and let out a soft sad sigh: “It’s already been seven years; these past years, I had always wanted to visit him in Floating Cloud City but I could never do so. I hope that this time, I could at least slightly pay back his past kindness.”





Chapter 61 – Joining New Moon Profound Palace


After leading Yun Che and Xia Yuanba into Elder’s Hall, Sikong Han sat down and carefully examined Yun Che. Without the air of arrogance that a Profound Palace’s Great Elder appointed by the Imperial Family should have, he instead asked with a look of concern: “You say you’re Elder Brother Xiao’s grandson, yet how come your family name is Yun?”

“That’s right, that’s right. Brother-in-law, how come you referred to yourself as Yun Che? Is it possible that after you were able to locate your biological parents after being expelled from Xiao Clan?” Xia Yuanba hurriedly asked.

Yun Che replied: “Junior is actually not Grandfather’s biological grandson. However, Grandfather has raised me like one of his own for the past sixteen years. Half a year ago, I was expelled from the Xiao Clan and upon my departure, Grandfather informed me that my family name was actually Yun.”

“So that’s why.” Sikong Han slowly nodded and said: “Actually, I had already heard about this.”

Yun Che lifted his head with a face full of surprise.

Sikong Han audibly sighed and continued: “Half a year ago, the son of the Xiao Sect’s Master… I remember his name was Xiao Kuangyun, was enroute from Floating Cloud City. They would after all, have to come through New Moon City; therefore, our New Moon Profound Palace had to have paid a little bit of attention to this. Afterwards, we found out a bit of information; now this small bit of information would be irrelevant to most, but as it was related to Elder Brother Xiao, I had to further investigate it. At once, I found out he had been punished by his own clan to spend fifteen years in the rear mountains, and his grandson had also been expelled as well. There were numerous times I wanted to go and help Elder Brother Xiao. It’s just that as the Great Elder of New Moon Profound Palace, I couldn’t just leave for a long period of time; therefore, alas…”

“There’s no need for Elder Sikong to blame himself. If Grandfather knew you had this sort of intention, I believe he would’ve certainly appreciated it.” Yun Che courteously replied. Even though Sikong Han had not been able to take any sort of action, one could see he was sincerely worried about Xiao Lie’s situation.

“That said, how did Elder Sikong meet Grandfather in the past?” Yun Che asked.

“Hehe, it was seven years ago. I was on a trip to Floating Cloud City for a work related matter and brought my twelve year old son along; but an enemy of mine had found out and waited in ambush there. I was ambushed just when I was able to enter the city. I used all of my strength just to defend myself and had no time to attend to my son. Just when my son was about to be killed, Elder Brother Xiao had appeared and saved my son’s life… This Sikong Han only has one son and if it wasn’t for Elder Brother Xiao, my family line would have ended right there with me. After all these years, I have never forgotten this kindness, nor have I found a way to repay it.”

Remembering this past event, Sikong Han sighed endlessly. He looked at Yun Che and praised: “Speaking of which, you are truly worthy of being Elder Brother Xiao’s grandson; to actually have broken through the Elementary Profound Realm into the Nascent Profound Realm at such a young age. This kind of innate ability, even in New Moon City, would be considered first-class. Your grandfather is Floating Cloud City’s number one expert, and your future accomplishments would surely not lose to your grandfather’s.”

“What?” The Xia Yuanba to the side asked with wide eyes: “Elder Sikong, did you just say that my brother-in-law is already in the Nascent Profound Realm?” This-this…Elder Sikong, are you sure you’re not mistaken? My brother-in-law had his Profound Veins crippled since childhood and had never been able to pass the first level of the Elementary Profound Realm; how could he possibly be in the Nascent Profound Realm!”

“Oh?” Sikong Han’s face revealed his puzzlement; because he had sensed that Yun Che’s profound aura was clearly at first level of the Nascent Profound Realm.

Yun Che gently replied: “This is actually a long story…. But I am indeed at first level of the Nascent Profound Realm. I’m wonder if my current profound strength would make me eligible to enter the Profound Department.”

As he spoke, Yun Che inconspicuously poked Xia Yuanba. The Xia Yuanba who was about to speak out immediately shut his mouth, but nevertheless stared with a pair of enormous eyes as his heart cried out in alarm… Good heavens! Brother-in-law is actually already in the Nascent Profound Realm? How could that be, how is this possible!!

Seeing Yun Che and Xia Yuanba act in this way, Sikong Han knew there was more to this; but Yun Che did not want to elaborate and had deliberately avoided the subject. Sikong Han did not pry any further, but asked while chuckling: “Yun Che, how old are you?”

“Sixteen years old.” Yun Che answered truthfully. At the same time, his heart took a small sigh of relief.

“Sixteen years old?” A look of surprise appeared on Sikong Han’s face as he stood up from his chair: “I originally thought you were already seventeen or eighteen, but you’re actually only sixteen years old! To actually be in the Nascent Profound Realm at the age of sixteen, even in the entire New Moon Profound Palace, there should not be more than ten individuals…. If you had been born in a higher level sect, you would, without a doubt, greatly exceed the current you!”

Xia Yuanba continued to listened blankly as he held back the multiple times he had wanted to speak out.

“You flatter me, Elder SiKong.” Yun Che modestly replied… If Sikong Han knew that it had only taken him half a year to breakthrough into first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, he would have immediately fallen out of his chair from the shock.

“Come, let me check your innate ability. “ SiKong Han waved him over.

Yun Che took two steps forward and stood in front of Sikong Han. Just as Sikong Han was about to use his hands to check his veins, he quickly held his breath and forcibly used his profound energy to block thirty eight of his fifty four Profound Entrances that were all opened; leaving only sixteen of his Profound Entrances open. However, this degree of concealment would only work against the simplest of exams; if the examiner was to probe just a little bit more, it would easily be seen through. However, for those who wanted to join New Moon Profound Palace, everyone would try to display the best of their ability. Sikong Han never would have guessed that there would be someone who would intentionally conceal their ability; so therefore, he did not spend a great deal of energy during this examination.

Sikong Han gently placed his hand on Yun Che’s wrist for a brief moment, and then admirably nodded: “No wonder! To actually have an innate amount of sixteen opened Profound Entrances, this is without a doubt, the level of a genius! This is also a talent that our Profound Department greatly desires!”

At this point, Sikong Han was already somewhat excited. Originally, he had wanted to repay Xiao Lie’s kindness by accepting Yun Che into New Moon Profound Palace, to let him have a place to stay. However, now that he was aware of Yun Che’s innate talent, don’t even mention the relationship with Xiao Lie, even if he had to disregard his face, he would definitely try to keep Yun Che here. Inborn with sixteen Profound Entrances opened; with this kind of innate talent, one could easily ascend to the top of New Moon City and receive preferential treatment. Not only that, those high-tier sects and clan’s resources and influence far outweighed that of New Moon Profound Palace. Yun Che’s arrival was simply a treasure sent for New Moon Profound Palace.

As of now, there were only seven individuals in New Moon Profound Palace who had an inborn amount of sixteen opened profound entrances, and there would only be at most, an additional one or two every year. Generally, those who had this sort of innate talent would go and join those great sects or clans.

“Yun Che, do you really want to join our New Moon Profound Palace?” Sikong Han asked with luminous eyes: “If you really want to join, all entrance exams will be forgone, and I will directly admit you!”

Xia Yuanba’s mouth opened wide as his brain short circuited.

“…. Is it possible to join Class One?” Yun Che asked.

“Of course there’s no problem!” Sikong Han slapped the table: “Given your current profound strength and your innate talent, you’re completely qualified to be part of Class One!”

Yun Che pondered for a moment, and then humbly nodded: “Okay.”

Sikong Han’s hands frantically scrambled about on the table; this rapid action conveyed his fear that Yun Che would run away. After a little while, he slapped a silver badge on Yun Che’s shoulder and said: “So, from now on, you’re a disciple of my New Moon Profound Palace’s Profound Department. This will identify you as so, and here’s the key to your quarters.”

“Today just happens to be the appointment day of the new Palace Chief. The matters of this evening’s celebration for the newly-appointed currently has my hands tied, so I won’t keep you guys any longer. Yuanba, take Yun Che to settle down in his quarters or perhaps even introduce him to his future senior apprentices… Oh, by the way. Yun Che, are you interested in attending the banquet this evening?” Sikong Han suddenly asked.

“I’m allowed to participate?” Yun Che asked in astonishment.

“The appointment of a new Palace Chief is considered a sensational major event in New Moon City. We’ve sent invitations to all sects who have sufficient enough prestige and influence in New Moon City; they’ll definitely gather to give the newly-appointed Palace Chief face. When that time comes, there will be an assembly of talented individuals present. Generally speaking, for these kind of events, only the core disciples of our Profound Department would be allowed to attend. Even though you’ve only joined our Profound Department today, given your innate ability, you barely qualify to attend. It’ll give you the chance to become knowledgeable of the top sects of New Moon City. As you’ll be staying in New Moon City, this knowledge will be quite beneficial for you.”

Yun Che immediately understood. It was mainly due to the kindness owed to his grandfather that thereby gave him, a newly joined disciple, the allowance to attend this major banquet; and this special attention was also to let him quickly understand the distribution of power in New Moon City. He immediately replied with gratitude: “Thank you, Elder Sikong, I’ll certainly attend… But, may I bring Yuanba along?”

Sikong Han slightly hesitated for a bit, but then smiled and nodded: “That’s fine, Yuanba, you come along as well. Yun Che has just joined New Moon Profound Palace and is unfamiliar with many things; you can be his guide. I’ll arrange for an extra seat for you.”

After leaving the Elder’s Hall, Xia Yuanba was still confused about this situation. Only when they had walked for a distance, did he take a deep breath and said with his eyes wide open: “Brother-in-law! What’s going on? Are you really at the Nascent Profound Realm? B-b-but aren’t your Profound Veins crippled? Even if your Profound Veins have been healed, there’s no way to become this formidable so suddenly! You’re even more formidable than my older sister!”

“This…” Yun Che pondered for a long time, but still did not know how he should explain it to him. Since he was unwilling to deceive him, the only option was to be vague about it: “Yuanba, this is a secret; so when the time is right in the future, I’ll tell you about it. But the fact that my Profound Veins had been crippled before, it’s best not to tell anyone about it; otherwise, it might invite negative inclination.

“Ah… Oooh.” Xia Yuanba scratched his head in puzzlement. Then his eyes suddenly lit up and said: “Brother-in-law! I suddenly understand it now! You’ve been pretending this whole time, right? Otherwise, how could it be possible to all of a sudden enter the Nascent Profound Realm. This has to be it. Brother-in-law, you’re so crafty; to have fooled all of us, hahahaha.”

Yun Che shrugged his shoulder and let Xia Yuanba dwell on his own theory. He changed his line of sight to gaze upon New Moon Profound Palace and his heart stirred.

“How long are you planning to stay here?” Jasmine suddenly asked mentally.

“We’ll see. If this place is beneficial to me, I’ll stay longer, but if not, I’ll leave immediately. The main reason why I’m staying here is so that I can learn some Profound Skills. After all, all the Profound Skills that you know are too high leveled and I can’t learn them yet; therefore, this is the only method I can think of.”

Jasmine spoke no further.





Chapter 62 – Lan Xuero


New Moon Profound Palace occupied a vast expanse, with a magnificent Main Hall at its center, and innumerable architecture that stretched as far as the eye could see. Yun Che followed Xia Yuanba towards his living accommodations. Along the way, he met many New Moon Profound Palace disciples, all of whom were under the age of twenty. There was the occasional fifteen and sixteen year-old, and of those in this age group, most were of the Elementary Profound Realm. Along the way, there were many people that greeted them; after all, between his age and size, even if they wanted to ignore him it would be hard.

“How many disciples are there in New Moon Profound Palace right now?” Yun Che asked.

“The last time I checked, there were more than three thousand disciples.” Xia Yuanba thoughtfully said, “New Moon Profound Palace recruits disciples within the age of fifteen to eighteen. Most of them generally stay until they reach twenty years old before departing. An awful lot of them will join Blue Wind’s official force in the future.

“However, Brother-in-law, do you really plan on participating in tonight’s banquet?” Xia Yuanba asked somewhat worriedly.

“To have the opportunity of possibly being able to catch a glimpse of almost all of New Moon City’s top powers all in one go, of course I have to go.” Yun Che took a sideways glance at him: “Yuanba, it seems as if you don’t want to go to this banquet. Is there a problem?”

“Even though it’s not exactly a problem, but…. but….” Xia Yuanba hesitated for a moment, and then said with a bit of indignance: “Some time ago, I heard that when last generation’s Palace Chief was newly appointed, they also sent out many invitations for a banquet. During that banquet however, the invited disciples from the other sects used the excuse of exchanging pointers to challenge our disciples of the same age. There were ten matches, and we of New Moon Profound Palace lost all ten times; thus humiliating the old Palace Chief, and turning the new one into a laughingstock for a long time.

“Heh-heh, that was obviously the machinations of those sects to cause the newly-appointed Palace Chief to lose prestige, and let him know who was the real boss of New Moon City.” Yun Che said while laughing.

“That’s right.” Xia Yuanba nodded, and helplessly said: “I heard the same thing happened to the Palace Chief from two generations ago as well. He could not avoid inviting them to the celebration, otherwise, he would’ve been laughed at and ridiculed, and lose every bit of face left. If we attend the banquet, chances are that we’ll be challenged by them… Losing to them doesn’t matter, but those people very often have malicious intent and use a heavy hand. The last time, there were two senior brothers that were beaten until they couldn’t fully recover from their injuries, and the Palace Chief had no other choice but to swallow his words and endure the humiliation.

“New Moon Profound Palace attracts a numerous amount of disciples every year; is their strength really that bad?” Yun Che asked as he knitted his brow．

“Of course, it’s not that our New Moon Profound Palace’s strength that’s lacking; it’s just, just that those schools are just too strong. Even though New Moon Profound Palace has the backing of the Imperial Family, those sects possess long history, many sect secrets, resources, and techniques that have been passed down for many generations. All of these are not something that New Moon Profound Palace can compare to. Even if they’re recruiting for outer sect disciples, the cutoff threshold is much more higher than ours. Furthermore, people that enter into sects with the Imperial Family’s backing, generally plan on giving their lives up to the Imperial Family. After all, the establishment of the Imperial Family’s sect was originally intended to attract talented people to join the Imperial Forces. However, those people with great talents are usually proud and arrogant. Their desire to join the large sects greatly overweigh that of joining the Imperial Forces, so the average power of the New Moon Profound Palace’s disciples, when compared to the small and middle-sized sects, can be considered to be better, but if compared to those large sects, can not even begin to match up to them.”

The situation explained by Xia Yuanba was in fact, quite normal. Even Yun Che himself, although added into the New Moon Profound Palace for other reasons, was merely looking for opportunities and had never once thought about serving the Imperial Family. He thought for a moment, and then asked: “In New Moon City, what are the sects that have more power than New Moon Profound Palace?”

“Oh, let me think…” Xia Yuanba seriously thought for a moment, and then slowly answered: “In total there are seven; they are the Profound Heart Sect, Cloudy Sun Sect, Iron Spear Clan, Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion, and Stormy Profound Palace.” After pausing for a moment, Xia Yuanba’s voice became somewhat guarded: “These five sects have a history of over five hundred, or even a thousand years. In New Moon City, their influence is deeply engrained in the city and their overall strength is greater than that of New Moon Profound Palace. If not for the backing of the Imperial Family, then perhaps we may have already been suppressed and forced out. In addition to these five, there are two more giants that not even the Imperial Family would dare provoke… and they’re the branches of Xiao Sect and Burning Heaven Clan that are here in New Moon City! Although they’re merely branches, they still have the backing of the Xiao Sect and Burning Heaven Clan, making them the two immovable overlords of New Moon City.

“Branches of the Xiao Sect and Burning Heaven Clan?” Yun Che tapped his chin. He clearly knew in his heart that this was in name only. In reality, these disciples of the “Outer Sect” were those of the lowest talent that were not suitable to remain in the main sect, and nothing more. However, when all’s said and done, they were still the official “Outer Sect”, and were unlike the Xiao Clan who had been completely abandoned.

“However, our New Moon Profound Palace is of course, not so easily bullied.” Xiao Yuanba patted his chest with a face full of unwillingness and said: “Although New Moon Profound Palace lost dignity during that banquet five years ago, however that was five years ago! Our New Moon Profound Palace now, also have quite a lot of talents; and definitely would not be below those of the other sects… Ah, Brother-in-law look, that person over there is our senior brother Li Weihao. He’s seventeen this year, and has already reached the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm. I heard he’d also inherited his family’s Profound Arts, and is very powerful.

“That person over there in white clothing is even more powerful. I believe he was called Xu Aoran; he’s only eighteen years old, and is already at the fifth rank of the Nascent Profound Realm! Those two are in our Class One. However, the most formidable in our New Moon Profound Palace are not them, but Senior Brother Murong and Senior Sister Xueruo, who are publicly known as New Moon Profound Palace’s two biggest geniuses. The Elders will definitely bring them to tonight’s banquet. With them, it definitely won’t be a repeat of five years ago…

As he spoke up to this point, Xia Yuanba’s voice abruptly stopped, because in front of them, a young man in a white robe and a girl dressed in snow-white attire walked side by side in their direction. The man who appeared to be eighteen or nineteen had a tall build, elegant features, and a fascinating charm like that of jade. He was beautiful enough to make any sexually awakened girl who yearned for love, become completely infatuated.

And that girl beside him was even more so, beautiful enough to make one’s heart tremble. She seemed to also be eighteen or nineteen, with a pair of beautiful sparkling eyes, and cherry colored lips with the luster of a smooth seashell. Her elegant eyebrows were crescent shaped as well, but the most touching was the light smile that graced her lips that was as heartwarming as the smell of incense in a gentle breeze.

The two were like a perfect couple that had just stepped out of a painting; the moment they appeared, all the brilliance between heaven and earth was taken away. The youth continuously talked about something beside the girl and constantly watched her reaction from the side of his eyes, but the girl’s reaction did not change; while maintaining a constant warm smile the whole time, she did not say anything in reply. Although she was only gently striding onward, it would make one believe that they had seen a fairy dancing in a white dress. Above all, her beautiful and slender snow-white neck let her exude a noble and graceful aura that added to her charm, making one feel as if they were looking at an exalted princess that belonged in the Imperial Family.

“What a beautiful girl.” Yun Che admiringly exclaimed in his heart. Although her appearance was incomparable to Xia Qingyue’s, it definitely was one in ten thousand; a devastating beauty that could tip over cities and nations. Yet the noble air that wrapped around her like an indistinct haze was not something that Xia Qingyue could match. What amazed Yun Che the most was the touch of gentleness in her eyes and expression. Generally speaking, a girl that was beautiful to this extent would more or less carry a somewhat arrogant air; his wife Xia Qingyue, a prime example. Yet this girl had a gentle complexion; her gaze was as soft as water, and there wasn’t even the slightest hint of arrogance between her brows. The faint smile on the corner of her lips, was sufficient enough to almost completely melt one’s heart with just a single glance.

“Senior Brother Murong, Senior Sister Xueruo!”

At the same time that Yun Che was silently admiring this girl, Xia Yuanba had actually pulled him up to greet them.

Murong? Xueruo? Hm? Don’t tell me that these two were the ones that Yuanba had just mentioned… Yun Che thought in his heart.

“Junior Brother Xia, are you going back to rest?” Upon seeing Xia Yuanba, the girl smiled and greeted him. When her voice sounded, Yun Che immediately felt a sort of warm current slowly flow from his ears to the center of his heart, because this sound was extremely gentle and that beautiful; just simply listening to this sound brought about a feeling of inexplicable pleasure. When coming into close proximity with her gaze, it was even more understandable how her soft gaze and smile could intoxicate one’s heart.

At this point, the girl’s gaze fell upon Yun Che, and she curiously asked: “This is…”

“Hehe, this is my brother-in-law, he just entered our Profound Department today. He’s also in our Class One!” Xia Yuanba cheerfully said, “Brother-in-law, they’re the Senior Brother Murong Ye and Senior Sister Lan Xueruo that I had just mentioned earlier. They’re this generation’s strongest disciples within our New Moon Profound Palace.

Yun Che walked forward a step, his face wearing a polite smile, “Greetings Senior Brother and Senior Sister. This little brother is Yun Che, who has just entered the Profound Department. I request the two Seniors to look after me in the future.”

Murong slightly nodded his head, which was barely considered to be a reply. His gaze stopped on Yun Che for a moment, and then moved away as arrogance hung between his brows. There were also hidden traces of resentment, as he was obviously unhappy that they had disturbed he and Xueruo’s “two person world.”

“Oh? You also joined our Class One?” Lan Xueruo took a good look at Yun Che, and laughed gleefully: “You seem so young, yet you’re already at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm. No wonder Elder Sikong snatched you into Class One. If the beauties in the class find out that such a handsome little junior had just entered, they’ll definitely be overjoyed. You need to be careful, little junior brother. Eh? That’s not right, Junior Brother Xia seemed to have referred to you as ‘brother-in-law’. Don’t tell me; you’re already married?”

Before Yun Che had the chance to reply, Xia Yuanba already answered before him: “That’s right. My brother-in-law is only sixteen this year, but he has already married my sister half a year ago.”

“Oh~~~ So little junior brother Yun is only sixteen years old. To marry this early, it seems the bride must have been really beautiful.” Lan Xueruo said, smiling.

“Ah haha…. Anyway, I’ll be in senior brother and senior sister’s care in the future.” Yun Che awkwardly smiled. Then his gaze suddenly changed as he spoke while smiling at Lan Xueruo: “I’m guessing that Senior Sister Xueruo is definitely not a native from around here, is that right?”

“Oh? How did you know?” Lan Xueruo asked as she blinked her beautiful eyes.

“Because the atmosphere in New Moon City is a bit restless and its spiritual aura is opaque. There should be no way that a graceful beauty like Senior Sister Xueruo was born here.”

Lan Xueruo was slightly stunned; then her pink lips curved up and while raising her eyebrows, she said: “Not only is Junior Brother Yun good looking and talented, but is also a smooth talker too. It’s a pity that you’re already married; otherwise, senior sister here may… hehehe.”

Lan Xueruo was clearly joking, but Murong Ye, who was standing by her side, fiercely glared at Yun Che.

However, Yun Che appeared as if he didn’t see that at all, and instead smiled at Lan Xueruo and said: “It doesn’t matter, my wife had guaranteed this to me before; she definitely wouldn’t object to me getting another wife.”





Chapter 63 – Main Palace


As soon as Yun Che let out those words, Xia Yuanba’s mouth promptly opened wide, and even his eyes had almost bulged out from shock. Murong Ye eyes narrowed; the gaze that looked at Yun Che suddenly became ice-cold and mocking, and even faintly let out a sneer. However, Lan Xueruo didn’t get angry in the slightest, and sweetly smiled: “What an interesting little junior; it seems like the following days won’t be that boring anymore. Then, senior sister here will stop chatting with you for now. I need to attend a banquet tonight, and there may be a difficult battle awaiting. We need to head to the Medicine Department and prepare some medicine pills that may come in handy; let’s meet later, okay?”

“Good bye, Senior Sister.”

Lan Xueruo playfully winked her left eye, and left with a faint smile while carrying away a receding gust of a faint fragrant wind. Although Yun Che’s words had some frivolousness mixed in, it apparently didn’t make Lan Xueruo feel repulsed; instead her impression of Yun Che had deepened, such that he won’t be forgotten just by turning around.

Yun Che turned to cast a sidelong glance, and gazed steadily at her willowy figure seen from behind, without concealing his thoughts of admiration at all… With a complexion that could tip over the world, and a noble and elegance disposition, not only was she not arrogant, but instead, was so warm and gentle to the heart; she truly was a girl that men could hardly resist…. However, her identity and status must also not be that simple.

A hand smacked onto Yun Che’s shoulder in an extremely unfriendly manner. Yun Che turned back around and saw Murong Ye looking at him coldly, and promptly said with a faint smile: “Senior Brother Murong, what do you need from me? Speaking of which, weren’t you together with Senior Sister Xueruo?

Lan Xuerou had already walked pretty far away, but still did not turn around to call for Murong Ye; it was as if she completely didn’t realize that he wasn’t with her…. It seems, the relationship between those two were very different from what Yun Che had first thought. It was probably more or less Murong Ye’s one-sided crush.

Murong Ye’s eyes narrowed, exposing a sneer full of contempt and disdain; his gaze was as if looking down on an insignificant inferior human being: “Your name is Yun Che, right? Little junior Yun, although I don’t know what method you used to sneak into our Class One, but as your Senior, there are a few things I need to remind you. Since you’ve entered Class One, then obediently learn what you should do, and what you shouldn’t do, lest you blame me later for not reminding you after you’ve suffered the consequences. Also, remember it clearly, stay further away from Lan Xueruo hereafter; the further the better. If I see you speak with her like that again, don’t forget that I have numerous ways to kick you out of New Moon Profound Palace. Hmph.”

After finished speaking, his gaze bitterly swept over Yun Che and Xia Yuanba, and quickly walked toward the direction that Lan Xueruo had left in. He knew about Xia Yuanba’s background, that he was only a merchant’s child in a small remote city. Which meant this brother-in-law of his, would definitely be someone with a small role without much background; so of course, he naturally did not hesitate in ridiculing him.

Yun Che tilted his gaze and nonchalantly glanced behind him and coldly sneered: “This person, his eyes has almost grown to the top of his head.”

(TL: eyes on top of head is a way of saying someone is so arrogant that the eyes grew even higher to look down on people..)

“He’s always like this. I had already gotten used to it long ago.” Xia Yuanba had a face of anger and helplessness at the same time. Normally when Murong Ye gave him different types of looks, he had never really minded; however, this time he was clearly threatening Yun Che, which made fury rise from the inside of his heart. But as he thought about the opponent’s strength and family background, there was fundamentally nothing he could do. It might have been okay if it was only him, since there was still the vice Palace Chief supporting him behind his back. But for Yun Che, it may really be impossible for him to continue to stay in New Moon Profound Palace.

“It seems, this Murong Ye — is not just any random kind of fodder.” Yun Che murmured.

Seeing that Yun Che didn’t appear to be angry, Xia Yuanba was slightly reassured, and said in a low voice: “His father is actually the Governor of the New Moon City! Not only that, his talent in the Profound is also astounding; while only nineteen this year, he had already reached the eighth level of Nascent Profound Realm! And rumors say that recently, he’d almost broke into the ninth level of Nascent Profound Realm. In the entirety of New Moon Profound Palace, no one would ever dared to provoke him.”

“The Governor’s son? Heh, I see.” Yun Che faintly expelled a laugh, then suddenly said: “He’s trying to court Lan Xueyue, right?”

“Mhm. Senior Sister Lan Yueruo is both beautiful and gentle, so there are a lot of senior brothers that likes her. However, she and Senior Brother Murong is the generally acknowledged pair since essentially, no one dares to compete with Senior Brother Murong. And so, the senior brothers that liked Senior Sister Xueruo never dare to get too close to her.” Xia Yuanba then added on with a bizarre tone: “Brother-in-law is the first I’ve ever seen to dare speak to Senior Sister Xueruo like that. Definitely be careful of this Murong Ye in the future; although he’s pretty formidable, he’s also an extremely petty person.”

“That’s easy to see.” Yue Che shrugged his shoulders, but appeared to have not taken the advice into his heart at all, and instead asked: “Yuanba, this Lan Xueruo, where did she come from? I can tell that her family background is definitely not common, so why would she come to New Moon Profound Palace?”

Xia Yuanba shook his head: “This, I don’t know either. I only know that she seemed to be Elder Sikong’s distant relative, and she entered into the Profound Department during the orientation period half a year ago, at the same time as me. About the location of her hometown, she had never mentioned it before. However, Senior Sister Xueruo is really amazing; she’s only eighteen this year, yet she’s already at the eighth level of Nascent Profound Realm. She’s the most talented person in this New Moon Profound Palace, and is even more amazing than Senior Brother Murong.”

Both were at the eighth level of Nascent Profound Realm; Murong Ye was nineteen, and Lan Xueruo was eighteen. It was obvious that Lan Xueruo surpassed Murong Ye in terms of talent.

Xiao Yulong who had reached the third level of Nascent Profound Realm at the age of twenty was already the strongest of Xiao Clan’s young generation; Xia Qingyue who had reached the tenth level of Elementary Profound Realm at the age of sixteen, was already a once in a century genius in Floating Cloud City. But no matter Murong Ye or Lan Xueruo, either one of them had clearly far surpassed Xia Qingyue, let alone Xiao Yulong. Also, youths of this level should not be a rarity in those big sects of New Moon City. In comparison, Floating Cloud City was worthy to be called a forgotten small city; the level of profound strength was honestly too different. Grandfather Xiao Lie was already considered the strongest in the Floating Cloud City at the tenth level of the Spirit Profound Realm; but if he were to come to this New Moon City, he would only probably be ranked in the upper levels when compared to those of the same age, but it was impossible to be at the top..

“Yuanba.” Yun Che’s expressions became solemn: “There is a very serious matter that I have to discuss with you.”

“Uh, what is it?” Looking at Yun Che’s expression, Xia Yuanba suddenly became nervous.

“From now on, you aren’t allowed to call me Brother-in-law!” Yun Che said as a matter of fact.

“Why?” Xia Yuanba’s eyes widened.

Yun Che patted Xia Yuanba’s shoulder as his gaze swept into the distance, and answered: “Hearing what Senior Sister Xueruo had said, there are a lot of beauties in our Class One, no?”

“About that; it seems to be true. But Senior Sister Xueruo is still the prettiest of them all.”

Yun Che’s eyebrows slightly shook, and said with a tone full of righteousness: “Since there are a lot of beauties in Class One, if you keep on calling me brother-in-law, wouldn’t that reveal the fact that I’m already married! How would I be able to flirt with those beautiful senior and junior sisters!”

“….” Xia Yuanba opened his mouth as his brain froze for over three seconds. Then he finally spoke weakly: “But Brother-in-law, you have my sister already. If you are with another girl…. Uuu, wouldn’t that be a little….”

“No no.” Yun Che swung his hand and said in deadly earnest: “When I told Senior Sister Xueruo about how your sister wouldn’t object me in finding another wife, that was really what your elder sister had promised me. Also…. in this life, it’s unknown whether or not I can ever meet your elder sister again.”

Yun Che looked to the far distance; then his gaze became deep and profound: “There are only two ultimate goals that a man pursues; one is to conquer the world, the other is to conquer women. To conquer the world is to reach a new height in life, but to conquer women, is to embellish the scenery of life. If one isn’t able to conquer the women that he wants, even if he conquered the entire world, he would still be at a lonely summit, and experience loneliness everywhere. Yuanba, don’t you think that what I, your brother-in-law just said is right?”

“….” Xia Yuanba didn’t really understand what he had just said, but he still thought it sounded kind of amazing.

“Then, if I don’t call you brother-in-law, what should I call you?” Because Yun Che and Xia Qingyue’s marriage was already decided when they were still infants, Xia Yuanba had always called him brother-in-law since childhood; other than brother-in-law, his brain that couldn’t really make sharp turns, simply could not think of anything else to call him in such a short notice.

“Hm, about this…. You can call me Big Brother, Boss, Big Brother Yun, Big Brother Che, Big Brother Yun Che, or just simply call me Yun Che, Senior Brother Yun…. In short just don’t call me brother-in-law anymore.”

“Oh! Oh! Then I’ll call you Boss from now on, is that good?”

“That’s fine.”

“Boss, boss, boss…. Uhm, it still feels kind of weird. Ah, right, earlier Senior Sister Xueruo said she was heading to the Medicine Department for medicinal pills in order to deal with tonight’s banquet. Should we go there too? Since Brother-in-law had just entered the Profound Department, it’s possible to immediately receive a set of medicinal pills from the Medicine Department. You can get one set per month.

“…. Don’t call me brother-in-law.”

“Ah, I forgot, I’ll definitely pay attention. Then Brother-in-law, should we head to the living quarters or the Medicine Department first?”

“！#￥%……”

……………………………………….

Yun Che followed Xia Yuanba and received a set of medicinal pills, and these pellets were sure enough as Yun Che had expected… They were all the lowest levels of Profound Recovering pellets and Profound Opening pellets, and their potency were all around forty or fifty percent. With supportive medicinal pellets of this degree, they were way worse in comparison the big sects; it was not surprising as to why the New Moon Profound Palace’s average strength had always remained stagnant.

The living space that Sikong Han had arranged for Yun Che was adjacent to Xia Yuanba’s; although small, it was very elegant and had all the necessities, which was far better than what Yun Che had expected. Until now, Yun Che who had wandered outside for half a year, finally had a place to settle down and sleep in. Emotions tumbled inside his heart.

Laying on the small bed, Yun Che quickly fell asleep. This past half a year, he had always slept in the wilderness; never stayed in any inns, and had not enjoyed the privilege of sleeping in a bed either. This time, he slept especially comfortably and steady from noon all the way till evening, until he was woken up by Xia Yuanba who knocked on his door.

“Brother-in-law, are you awake yet? The banquet is almost about to start, are we still going?”

Xia Yuanba knew in his heart what may happen at this banquet, so he didn’t really want Yun Che to attend it; this was in order for him to avoid being challenged, and the definite possibility that he would be deliberately injured by the opponent.

Yun Che opened his eyes and quickly got up from the bed: “Of course I’m going! Give me a minute, we’ll go at once!”

————————————

The heart of New Moon Profound Palace was a wide area of a sparse emerald-green bamboo forest, and in it, stood a huge palace that emitted a dignified atmosphere. This was the biggest and most extravagant building in the entirety of New Moon Profound Palace; it’s name was very direct and was known as the “Main Palace”. All the important matters inside the Palace are conducted in the Main Palace; and the banquet for the new Palace Chief’s appointment, would also be conducted here

When Yun Che and Xia Yuanba walked into the Main Palace, there wasn’t even half a quarter of an hour left until the start of the banquet. However, not even one-fifth of the seats were filled; not only that most of them were actually people of the Profound Department itself. It was obvious that it wasn’t because those invited sects couldn’t arrive any earlier, but instead, they purposefully did not want to arrive early, as a boast about their stature.

At the same time, it was also a type of contempt against New Moon Profound Palace.





Chapter 64 – The Battle That Shook the City


As Yun Che and Xia Yuanba walked into the main hall, and just happened to run into Murong Ye. He glanced at them and said in an unfriendly manner: “What are the two of you doing here? Do you know what kind of banquet this is? Leave at once!”

“It was Elder Sikong who allowed us to come.” Xia Yuanba said whilst restraining his rage.

“Elder Sikong? Allowed you two?” Murong Ye said with a disdainful laugh: “He let you two come to disgrace us? This is no ordinary banquet; in a little while, disciples of various schools will do battle. You two pieces of trash aren’t even considered to be any good; what can you two do, now that you’ve come here? Hmph, fine. Since the Elder has allowed you two to come, go inside. I’ll be frank; if you cause our New Moon Profound Palace to lose face, don’t blame this Senior for being too rough with your punishment.”

He had followed behind Lan Xueruo for an entire afternoon. Even though Lan Xueruo had always smiled and spoke in a gentle voice, she had not looked directly at him even once. This made him store up an entire stomach’s full of unpleasantness. When he encountered Yun Che and Xia Yuanba, it just so happened that he found an outlet for his anger.

Even if Xia Yuanba had a better temperament, suddenly being verbally abused for no apparent reason would still stir up his anger. Yun Che tugged on his arm, and spoke with an indifferent tone: “Let’s enter.”

As they entered the Main Palace, they saw Sikong Han waving at them, and made them seat themselves on the prearranged seating. Both of their seats were set at the very back, and very out of sight…. However, although the place where they sat wasn’t very noticeable, with Xia Yuanba’s figure placed there, it was impossible to not draw attention.

“Yun Che, Yuanba, should any duels occur later, I want the two of you to pay close attention. It would be best if the two of you manage to learn something from the fight. It has only been a short while since you two had joined the Profound Department, so it’s unlikely that anyone would challenge you two. Just stay in the back and watch safely.” Sikong Han cautioned.

“Understood, Elder Sikong.” Xia Yuanba nodded, and then sat down obediently.

Yun Che also slowly nodded, he looked around and noticed that around thirty disciples of the Profound Department were present. Unsurprisingly, every one of the thirty should be the elite disciples of New Moon Profound Palace. Out of the Profound Department’s three thousand disciples, only thirty came; each of them, without a doubt, were the best of the best. Soon after, Yun Che had spotted Lan Xuerou. She astonishingly sat in the center of the first row of disciples; her seating did not surprise Yun Che in the slightest. An eighteen year old at the eighth level of the Nascent Profound Realm, and was even a girl; that was considered to be a top talent even in the mid-upper level sects.

As for Yun Che, he also caught the attention of quite a few of the Profound Department’s disciples. All of those who were able to participate in this gathering, were the elites of their sects, and the competition amongst them would be fierce. Those familiar with this sort of gathering were very surprised at Xia Yuanba’s participation. Since Xia Yuanba’s strength was only at the sixth level of the Elementary Profound Realm, he was considered to be one of the weaker members within the Profound Department and thus, did not have the qualifications to be here. And Yun Che that came together with him, was a downright unfamiliar face.

“Hmm? Are you a new disciple here? Don’t think I’ve ever seen you around before?” A girl in a fiery-red attire who sat in front of Yun Che turned around, and asked as her eyes blinked with curiosity.

“Greeting Senior Sister. My name is Yun Che. I just joined the Profound Palace today.” Yun Che slightly nodded, as his face gave off an extremely alluring and lethal smile.

For a split second, the girl felt as if she was shocked by an electric current. Her cheeks reddened somewhat, and she lightly cried out: “Wow! To have already broken into the Nascent Profound Realm at such a young age, no wonder you’ve been allowed to attend this banquet on the very first day you’ve been admitted.”

“He’s my brother-in-law, of course he’d be awesome!” Xia Yuanba proudly announced. He seemed to be more happy when others praised Yun Che instead of himself.

“Ah? Brother-in-law? You’re already married?” asked the girl with pink lips as her eyes displayed obvious disappointment.

With great difficulty, Yun Che managed to restrain himself from strangling Xia Yuanba, and replied with a tranquil expression: “That’s right. Senior Sister being so beautiful, definitely should also be married already, right?”

“Hmph, I definitely won’t be getting married so early. Ah. That’s right, my name is Ye Hongling, Profound Department’s Class One, seventeen years old. If you have any problems in the future, just come find me!” The girl said with an air of honor.

“….The pleasure is mine, Senior Sister.”

Knowing that he made a mistake, Xia Yuanba lowered his head, shrank, and did not dare to speak to Yun Che for a long time.

At this time, the lead actor of the event, the newly appointed Palace Chief of New Moon Profound Palace, Qin Wuyou, had finally arrived. Qin Wuyou looked to be about sixty in age; his face held an expression of a gentle and unflustered calm, and a deep wisdom could be seen in his clear eyes. He emanated an extraordinary aura. Qin Wuyou was originally one of the elders of the Imperial Capital’s Profound Palace; he was specially assigned to New Moon Profound Palace as the Palace Chief, and his true strength was deep and unfathomable.

Qin Wuyou had already arrived in New Moon Profound Palace a month ago, and today was merely the official day of the newly-appointed’s banquet. In this short month, he had already bowled over each elder and disciple, and received their deepest respects. After taking the Palace Chief’s seat, all the representatives of the large sects followed at his heels, as if they had planned it beforehand.

“Hahahaha, Tie Zhancang of Iron Spear Clan, brings his son, Hengjun, to respectfully congratulate Palace Chief Qin on his appointment.”

Following the voice of the hearty, clear laughter, one could see a middle-aged man and seven disciples striding in.

“That’s the current Clan Master of the Iron Spear Clan.” Xia Yuanba whispered into Yun Che’s ear:: “The one following directly behind him is his youngest son, Tie Hengjun. Although he is young, he’s also shockingly talented. According to the rumours, he’s the top candidate who would become Iron Spear Clan’s future Clan Master .”

“Palace Chief Qin, I trust that you’ve been well since we last met. When I chanced upon you half a month ago, Palace Chief Qin’s bearing had truly made a deep impression on me. Today I especially brought my son to come before you… This is a meagre gift, to show my respect to you.

Qin Wuyou personally rose from his seat and accepted the gift: “Iron Spear Clan’s Clan Master is really too polite. You personally came to give this old man face , so there should be no need to bring any gift. Your esteemed son is extraordinarily talented, and the way he conducts himself is out of the ordinary. In the future, he will definitely be a dragon amongst men, and perhaps, he may even far surpass you, his father. Hahahaha…. Come, please take a seat.”

“Yuanba, this situation seems to be overly harmonious, I can’t sense any sort of fierce rivalry going on at all.” Yun Che said as he rubbed his chin.

“Err… This, Iron Spear Clan’s reputation has always been good; even though their overall strength and influence surpasses our Profound Palace, their relationship with us can be considered as not bad. The other clans, however…”

Before finishing his sentence, the members of the Cloudy Sun Sect had arrived.

“Cloudy Sun Sect’s Head Elder Yan Zizai, congratulates Palace Chief Qin on his appointment.”

Profound Heart Sect, Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion, and Stormy Profound Palace, all came one after the other, after Cloudy Sun Sect. Each clan brought along seven or eight disciples, and Qin Wuyou personally welcomed them. Only until the banquet was about to officially begin, did Burning Heaven Clan slowly arrived.

“Burning Heaven Clan’s Sixth Elder, Fen Hanyan, congratulates Palace Chief Qin on his appointment.”

Burning Heaven Clan…. Or to be precise, Burning Heaven Clan’s outer sect located in New Moon City. The one in the lead was an old man clad entirely in red; his robe was completely embroidered in a crimson-red flame patterns. As he stepped into the Main Palace, everyone could clearly feel a blast of heat rush against their faces.

After Burning Heaven Clan’s outer sect, came Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect, and they were the last to arrive. The one in front who led the way was a youth who looked no older than seventeen! Behind him, was only a middle-aged man who looked to be in his forties, and six disciples no older than twenty.

“Junior Xiao Luocheng of Xiao Sect, meets Palace Chief Qin.” As he entered the Main Palace, the youth calmly headed towards Qin Wuyou and followed the proper etiquette of a junior in a serene and refined manner. It was neither servile nor overbearing…. However as a junior who has come to pay respects to the opposite party who was a Palace Chief of the Imperial Family’s Profound Palace, not humbling himself was already a type of arrogance.

“It’s Xiao Luocheng!” Xia Yuanba drew in a sharp breath and immediately whispered in Yun Che’s ear: “Never thought he would come here! The first day I came to New Moon City, I’d already heard his name several times. He’s also sixteen, the same age as brother-in-law, but he’s already the Young Master of Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect. Not only that, he’s also publicly recognized as the number one of New Moon City’s younger generation!

“Number one?” Yun Che quickly glanced a few more times at Xiao Luocheng. Indeed, he looked pretty young, but there was a prominent maturity in his demeanor, and the place between his eyebrows was full of undisguised honor and pride. Those who saw him were filled with peculiar feelings…. of either astonishment, admiration, jealous envy, or perhaps even a shameful sense of inferiority.

“Right. In regards to innate talent, he is without a doubt, number one! He’s only sixteen, but has already reached the tenth level of the Nascent Profound Realm! I’ve heard that he’s not far from breaking through into the True Profound Realm as well. Brother-in-law, do you believe that?

Sixteen years old…. Tenth level of Nascent Profound Realm!?

Yun Che’s face was a fluster of emotions. He unconsciously looked at Lan Xueruo, and discovered that a deep layer of seriousness had covered her face.

“Heh-heh, Xiao Luocheng? This old man has heard of this well-known name. I didn’t expect that there would be a chance to meet the number one of New Moon City’s young generation. Your esteemed father did not come today?” Qin Wuyou asked as he laughed without worry.

“Palace Chief Qin’s praise is too much. Even though father had very much wanted to come in person to congratulate Palace Chief Qin on his appointment, he is unwell and cannot attend today; because of this, this junior is acting as his substitute. Please do not take offense to this.” Xiao Luocheng’s face was all smiles as he conversed with warm words.

Qing Wuyou was one of the leaders of New Moon Profound Palace, so at his appointment banquet, each of the major sect’s leaders ought to have appeared in person to show the appropriate amount of respect. If not, then they should at least send a head elder. Of the seven major sects present, Iron Spear Clan, Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion, and Stormy Profound Palace’s Sect Masters had all personally arrived. As for Profound Heart Sect and Cloudy Sun Sect, they came with a Head Elder. Although Burning Heaven Clan’s outer sect was arrogant, they had still sent a Sixth Elder.

However this Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect, had actually sent a group of juniors!

Although Xiao Luocheng was extremely courteous, as long as one was not a fool or blind, they could see that this was obviously a kind of naked contempt.

“Hahahaha,” Qin Wuyou let out a hearty laugh, as if he did not mind at all: “Young Master of Xiao Sect, what are you saying? I’ve heard many things about Young Master’s elegant manners everyday. To finally be able to meet you today has already granted a wish of mine, so I am happy beyond words. Esteemed guests of the Xiao Sect, please be seated.”

At this point, all the guests who were invited had already arrived. Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect and Burning Heaven Clan’s Outer Sect were naturally seated near the top. They were followed by the other five major sects, and was once again followed by New Moon City’s Governor Murong Hang’s seat; however, he was not even a little bit dissatisfied about the arrangement. The Murong family may stir up any amount of trouble they wanted in New Moon City, but that was only in the face of the little common sects. Even if he was New Moon City’s governor, in the presence of these seven major sects, he had to obediently tuck his tail between his legs and did not dare to even slightly offend them.

As for those medium-sized clans who were invited, they even more so, trembled in fear and trepidation; very rarely did they see a gathering of the seven major sects, let alone dare to offend any one of them.





Chapter 65 – The Battle That Shook the City (2)


All the guests had finally arrived, and it was time for the banquet to begin. Qin Wuyou returned to his seat, held a cup of wine in his hands, and announced in a clear voice: “Just for the sake of this Qin’s appointment matter, our esteemed guests have taken time out of their busy schedule in order to grace this Qin with their presence; this Qin is truly fortunate. Since it is this Qin’s first time in New Moon City, this Qin’s knowledge regarding the affairs of New Moon City is quite poor. From now on, this Qin hopes that all who are present will not be too stingy in bestowing this Qin with their assistance. This wine cup, is this Qin’s first toast to you all!”

As he finished his speech, Qin Wuyou raised his wine cup and downed it in one gulp.

One after another, the guests had also raised their cups to toast as well. Every kind of spoken blessing had also continuously came, one after the other:

“Haha, Palace Chief Qin is too polite, if you ever need our Azure Dragon Group’s assistance for anything in the future, please do not hesitate to call upon us.”

“Hearing that Palace Chief Qin was formerly from the Imperial City’s Blue Wind Profound Palace, really incites feelings of aspiration in our hearts! With the appointment of Palace Chief Qin, I believe New Moon Profound Palace is definitely on the road to remarkable success.”

“Palace Chief Qin’s profound strength is deep and unmeasurable; I’m afraid he may already be over the fifth level of the Earth Profound Realm or even higher. It really makes us feel great respect for him and ashamed of ourselves.”

The atmosphere had become lively all of a sudden, and those who were sucking up to curry favor with the new Palace Chief were naturally from the medium and small sects. Members of the seven major sects had remained aloof, and only occasionally said some words out of courtesy.

As they continuously toasted, the gazes of the disciples of the seven major sects had been aimed in the direction of the disciples of New Moon Profound Palace. They were clearly selecting their opponents for the upcoming challenge battle. The disciples of New Moon Profound Palace each wore a heavy expression, yet upheld an imposing manner that did not betray the slightest trace of weakness. A few Great Elders had repeatedly evaluated the average strength of the disciples of the seven major sects, and could only sigh in succession in their hearts…. Although each major sect had only a small number of disciples, it was clear that they had gone through a meticulous selection process. Each of them had astonishing innate talent, and greatly surpassed the Palace’s elites of the same age. They originally thought that these years of growth in New Moon Profound Palace had already closed the gap in between, but when faced with the current situation, that sort of thinking had really just been an overindulgence of a fantasy.

Even if New Moon Profound Palace had Lan Xueruo, she alone, was not enough to turn this situation around. It seems that this time, they had no choice but to follow the disastrous conclusion they faced five years ago. Ah, that’s also something that couldn’t be helped; the background and resources of the Profound Palace simply was incapable of being on par with the several hundred years of heritage that the great sects possessed.

“This atmosphere is indeed quite subtle. It seems like this princess will soon have a good show to watch.” Jasmine said.

“What do think the outcome would be, when New Moon Profound Palace’s elite disciples spars with the seven major sects?” Yun Che probingly asked.

“In regards to those in the same age group, disciples of the seven major sects on average, are higher by two to three levels than disciples of the New Moon Profound Palace; does this princess still need to tell you what the outcome will be?” Jasmine replied in an indifferent tone.

“That drastic of a difference?” Yun Che’s eyebrows slightly sank. It was still possible to compete against those whose cultivation was higher by half a level, but it was fundamentally hopeless, when against someone who was a level higher on average. As for those higher by two to three levels…. If it were really like this; New Moon Profound Palace’s desire to not repeat a past disastrous event was completely just a dream. It seemed that the newly appointed Palace Chief could only watch this show of power, and see how much he could endure.

“Hmph, if only considering that Burning Heaven Clan and Xiao Sect, the average difference is closer to four or five levels!” added Jasmine.

“…. I want to know, how many levels higher are you in comparison to them.” Yun Che asked pensively.

“Compared to them? Are you insulting this princess?” Jasmine’s voice held a faint sound of anger.

*Coughcough* “There was completely no intention of that, I was merely asking on a whim.”

A thirteen year old super-monster of a loli who could rapidly dispatch a Dragon of the Emperor Profound! What sect geniuses, what New Moon’s number one of the young generation; in her presence, they couldn’t even be regarded as poop. Even Yun Che himself felt that comparing Jasmine to them was indeed the same as insulting her honor….

Qin Wuyou clearly had the ability to control large occasions; the wine had gone through three rounds, and the entire banquet’s bustling atmosphere was extraordinary as all kinds of cheers, laughter, and talk unceasingly continued. Even Yun Che who did not drink, was heartily enjoying himself on the feast that accompanied the wine. There was a long lasting exchange of glances that passed between the disciples of the Profound Palace and disciples of the other sects. Following this exchange of glances, the atmosphere became increasingly hostile; even a random spark could happen any moment and trigger an explosive reaction.

At that moment, Profound Heart Sect’s Head Elder Xuan Duanao stood up, with his wine cup in hand, and loudly announced: “This cup, is this old man’s toast to Palace Chief Qin, on behalf of Profound Heart Sect’s wish that he may soon lead New Moon Profond Palace, to send tremors throughout the four oceans.” After finishing, Xuan Ao drained his cup in one gulp, put the cup down, and continued: “However, the banquet up till now, even though there are many esteemed guests present, still feels as if it’s lacking something; it just isn’t lively enough. Since Palace Chief Qin has only been newly appointed, he ought to have not yet become familiar with New Moon Profound Palace, and in all likelihood, would want to know the current strength of the palace’s disciples. Actually, this old man has a suggestion; why don’t we let a few of our younger disciples of the same age range exchange pointers? It may even liven things up, deepen the relationship amongst them, and Palace Chief Qin would get to gauge the current strength of the palace’s disciples. Wouldn’t it be like getting three birds with one stone?”

“Right! Elder Xuan’s suggestion is wonderful!”

“What a great three birds with one stone!”

“What a great idea! Then what are we waiting for, let’s begin right away; I believe Palace Chief Qin would certainly not be opposed to this.”

As Xuan Ao’s voice was about to drop, loud applause and cheers unceasingly came ,one after another, from the seven sects side. As for the Great Elders of New Moon Profound Palace, they sighed in their hearts….. What is to come, nevertheless must come. A new Palace Chief was appointed in New Moon Profound Palace every five years, and every time this took place, the seven sects would come to display their strength; it has already gotten to the point that this became the typical norm.

The seven great sects all responded alike as their disciples all stood up while rubbing their hands, eager for battle. Even if Qin Wuyou wanted to oppose, there was no way he could. However, he was clearly calm and collected; He stood up to smile, and nodded: “Elder Xuan’s suggestion is not bad. Then, how should we go about in exchanging pointers?”

“That’s simple!” Xuan Ao laughed out loud and said: “Our little juniors are different from us as they are in the initial stages where a person’s age determines their step towards heaven; therefore, it’s only fair to use age as the factor in these exchanging of pointers. Of course, a younger person may challenge an older person; winning this way will only be even more brilliant, hahahaha.”

Xuan Ao’s last statement coupled with his laughter clearly meant one thing: Even if our side is younger, we will still be able to beat those who are older on your side.

“Since this idea was proposed by this old man, then we’ll start with my Profound Heart Sect… Xuan Yu, you’re up! Don’t forget to state your age.”

“Yes, Elder!”

The youngster who was called out from the Profound Heart Sect appeared to be sixteen or seventeen years old, and he was actually the youngest of the lot of Profound Heart Sect disciples that came; he had a thin, but well-toned body. With a rush of energy, he leapt high from his seat onto the center of the hall. With both hands cupped behind his back, he then swept his defiant eyes towards the seated New Moon Profound Palace disciples: “This one is Profound Heart Sect’s useless disciple Xuan Yu, sixteen years old. Who will come up and advise me?”

Once Xuan Yu entered stepped onto the stage, all the elders from New Moon Profound Palace became silent.… This Xuan Yu was only really only sixteen years old, but he was already at second level of the Nascent Profound Realm! Being Elders, of course they knew of their own internal strength; in New Moon Profound Palace, the most powerful of the sixteen year olds were only at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm. Moreover, these disciples from the seven sects had their own sect’s profound arts. Even if they were of the same rank, New Moon Profound Palace’s disciples basically had no chance of winning at all; therefore, don’t even bother to mention going against one with a lower rank.

What was even harder to accept, was that this Xuan Yu, amongst all the seven sects’ disciples here today, would only be considered mid-tier and absolutely not their top-tier.

Xuan Yu stood there for quite a while, but there was no response from New Moon Profound Palace’s side at all. The smile on Xuan Yu’s face had already changed into a sneer. The people from the seven sects also looked on with contempt. If the situation was to go on like this, there would not be even “exchanging of pointers”, but instead, New Moon Profound Palace would lose face to the utmost degree. Sikong Han waved his hand: “Li Hao, you’re up!”

“Yes!”

Li Hao, who was called out to action, leaped from the disciple seating area to stand in front of Xuan Yu, resolutely said: “New Moon Profound Palace Class One’s Li Hao, please advise me!”

“Hehe, needless to say, I’ll properly give you some advice.” Xuan Yu laughed as he replied with obvious sarcasm. Since New Moon Profound Palace was oppressed by them, the disciples of the seven sects always felt superior than the disciples of New Moon Profound Palace. In turn, disciples of New Moon Profound Palace were able to be cocky in front of mid-tier sects, but in front of the seven sects, they could not even lift their heads.

“Humph!” The contempt in Xuan Yu’s eyes angered Li Hao as he roared; he concentrated profound energy into his right arm and smashed towards Xuan Yu’s face with an ear-piercing sound.

“Hehe, only at this level?”

Xuan Yu smirked as he brought up his right hand, which suddenly flashed with a layer of purple light.

“It’s Profound Heart Sect’s Profound Art —— Purple Sun Art!” One of the Elders of New Moon Profound Palace growled.

New Moon Profound Palace and the seven sects did not just have a disparity in profound strength, but also in profound arts! The major sects spent centuries refining their profound arts, which have also been passed down through the generations. These profound arts were all secrets of their respective sects, and they would never be taught to an outsider. If the New Moon Profound Palace wanted to teach their disciples profound arts, they would have to create it first. In addition, New Moon Profound Palace’s profound skills were for the most part, low-tier, definitely inferior to those of the seven sects’.

The purple energy in Xuan Yu’s palm boiled like hot water as he clasped his hand into a fist and struck straight towards Li Hao’s fist….. two simple fists, with no one using a profound skill.

As the two fists collided, a purple light burst forth and there was only a sound of *ka-cha* as Li Hao’s fist became dislocated. He revealed a painful expression as his upper body was pushed back from the force. Xuan Yu let out an insidious laugh as his left fist suddenly stuck out; it had the same purple layer of light and ruthlessly smashed towards Li Hao’s abdomen; but this time, it was not just a simple fist, but rather, Profound Heart Sect’s most powerful profound skill…

“Purple Cloud Palm!”

*BANG!* The purple colored fist severely smashed deep into Li Hao’s abdomen. Li Hao’s complexion immediately became incomparably pale, barely letting out a groan as he was sent flying; he flipped several times in the air and violently crashed onto the floor. The blood in his chest rolled about and with a *pu* sound, he finally vomited out an arrow of blood. He laid face down on the floor with both hands clutching his stomach, and was already unable to stand back up.

“Li Hao!”

“Junior Brother Li!!”

Two disciples from the New Moon Profound Palace quickly rushed out to help support the defeated Li Hao back. All the disciples from the New Moon Profound Palace felt perturbed in their hearts. Li Hao and Xuan Yu were of similar ages; their profound strengths only differed by one rank. Even if he could not win, he should have at least been able to hold out for a while. However, just after the two faced off, Li Hao had been utterly crushed.

When they heard what happened five years ago; when the disciples of the seven sects had beaten their senior brothers and sisters ten times in a row, they were discontent and refused to accept it in their hearts. But after the end of this first “exchange of pointers”, they all felt a chill in their hearts.

“You let me win.” Xuan Yu smiled. In that earlier fight; from start to finish, he had not wasted a single bit of energy. Moreover, he still had not left the stage, but rather, just stood where he originally was. As he looked towards the disciples of the New Moon Profound Palace and said: “I wonder who would be the next friend from New Moon Profound Palace that’s coming to exchange some pointers?”

“Tch, this kid seems like he’s addicted to being in the limelight.” A disciple of the Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion scoffed.

“Alas, there’s no meaning in oppressing these rookies, this is just playing around.” Another person sneered.

To be defeated this fiercely with only two maneuvers, it made all the sixteen years old disciples of New Moon Profound Palace nervous in their hearts; none of them dared to take the stage. This was because Li Hao was considered the most powerful out of the sixteen year olds in New Moon Profound Palace; if any other sixteen year old were to go up, they would only be inviting humiliation.

“Huh? What’s going on? Don’t tell me friends from the New Moon Profound Palace are all a bunch of turtles?” Xuan Yu jeered, but had a sudden change in his facial expression and lightly slapped his own face: “Look at this mouth of mine, it really doesn’t know what it’s saying. This is the Profound Palace appointed by the magnificent Imperial Family; the disciples are supposed to be the best, how can they be turtles. It must be that it’s beneath them to advise this little brother? Now how should we handle this? Little brother here is going to be bold and pick someone to challenge. If I win, it’s naturally due to luck, but if I lose, I will immediately leave this stage, and everyone present won’t have to hear my jokes anymore.”

The people from the seven sects’ side immediately all bursted into laughter.

Without even waiting for a response from New Moon Profound Palace’s side, Xuan Yu extended his hand to point at a single person: “That big-framed senior brother over there, from the looks of it, you must be quite powerful. Please advise this little brother here for a bit.

The person he had pointed to…. was none other than Xia Yuanba!





Chapter 66 – The Battle That Shook the City (3)


As Li Hao, the strongest sixteen year old in the Profound Department got so easily beaten by an opponent of the same age, Xia Yuanba vigorously gritted his teeth in secret. He hated how his profound strength was meager; let alone recover face for Li Hao and New Moon Profound Palace, he didn’t even have the qualifications to challenge Xuan Yu. But he had never thought that Xuan Yu would actually direct the spear head at him. Looking at Xuan Yu’s fingertips, Xia Yuanba’s eyes widened, and instantly became stupefied.

Also, this Xuan Yu actually called him “Big-framed Senior Brother”!

All the gazes concentrated onto Yuanba’s body at once. All the elders in New Moon Profound Palace suddenly knitted their brows greatly, and the disciples were also struck dumb. None of them had expected that Xuan Yu would challenge Xia Yuanba, who was actually only fifteen years old, and only came to to spectate! Although, with that astonishing figure of Xia Yuanba, it really was impossible for people who wasn’t familiar with him to know that he was only fifteen. Even mistaking him as being eighteen or nineteen would be normal.

Sikong Han spoke up: “This is my Palace disciple Xia Yuanba. However, you shouldn’t call him Senior Brother. Although his build is excessively burly, he’s still only fifteen this year, and is the youngest in my Palace.”

“Fifteen… years old?” Many people from the seven profound sects almost sprayed out the tea in their mouth. Xuan Yu had also immediately became flabbergasted.

“Yuanba, since this Profound Heart Sect disciple wants to spar with you, you should calmly accept the challenge.” Sikong Han turned around and said: “You are younger in age, so there is no need to be ashamed even if you lose, just do your best.”

“Yes, Elder.” Xia Yuanba nodded and stood up. As the huge body that neared two meters and thirty centimeters stood up, many people in the palace were immediately taken aback. Yun Che tapped him once, and said in a low voice: “Be careful, don’t get injured.”

“Hehe, don’t worry. Even though my profound strength is no good, my body is still really tough.” Xia Yuanba tapped his chest with confidence and walked to the center of the Main Palace. He stood in front of Xuan Yu and spoke: “My name is Xia Yuanba, from Profound Department Class One, fifteen this year, please give me your guidance.”

Xuan Yu clearly had wanted to challenge someone older to show off, but didn’t expect the “giant” he chose that looked eighteen, was actually only fifteen years old! A sixteen year old fighting against a fifteen year old, there wouldn’t be any glory to talk about even if he had won. As he arbitrarily measured the opponent’s profound power, the corner of his mouth instantly twitched a bit…. Only the sixth level of the Elementary Profound Realm! Choosing an opponent like this, it was virtually degrading his social status.

“That fool! I knew something would happen if he attended this banquet! If we let others know about that even someone at the sixth level of Elementary Profound Realm could enter as an elite disciple, wouldn’t we become a huge laughing stock! Hmph, what a disgrace!”

A low disdainful sneer filled with contempt slowly traveled into Yun Che’s ears. Yun Che’s gaze peered off to the side, apathetically glanced at Murong Ye, then he retracted his gaze and concentrated onto Xia Yuanba’s figure.

Murong Ye who had just shut his trap suddenly felt a chill, and his entire body violently shook a bit. He panickly turned around and checked the surroundings while his heart palpitated like crazy…. Just a moment ago, he felt as if he suddenly dropped into a extremely cold ice hole?, and also felt as if a terrifying viper had locked him down with its eyes. But no matter where he looked, he couldn’t find any abnormalities in his surroundings. The flash of that frightening feeling had also started to die down. Murong Ye touched the cold sweat on his forehead, that had been formed who knows when, and genuinely thought that he was just being paranoid.

“HAAH! Cutting Mountains Splitting Boulders!

Xia Yuanba struck first; with both of his hands clenched into fists, his enormous body leaped up and violently crashed down. Adding his body together with that intangible sense of pressure, it really had some kind of resemblance to “Cutting Mountains Splitting Boulders.”.

“He actually had the face to show off such a trashy Profound Skill. If Xuan Yu lets him use more than three moves before defeating him, he’ll never have the face to meet anyone outside again!” Sneered a senior disciple of Profound Heart Sect.

When faced with the enormous force of Xia Yuanba’s attack, Xuan Yu didn’t attempt to dodge at all, and didn’t even assume a Profound Skill’s pose. He simply raised his right arm horizontally while standing in place, and plainly blocked toward Xia Yuanba’s heavy strike that appeared to be extremely ferocious. The corner of his lips revealed a faint smile of disdain….

With a dull sound, both of Xia Yuanba’s fists violently smashed onto Xuan Yu’s arm. Xuan Yu’s forearm sank a little, then suddenly flipped upwards like a snake that just had awoken, and immediately locked both of Xia Yuanba’s robust arms between his forearm and upper arm. Then, his profound energy abruptly flared up.

*Ka-Cha!!*

“UWAAAA!!”

“Yuanba!” Yun Che immediately stood up.

In the wake of Xia Yuanba’s scream of agony, both of his arms were dislocated in an instant. Xuan Yu swung out his arm, and actually managed to throw Xia Yuanba’s body that weighed over one hundred seventy-five kilos upwards, for over a meter.

Normally, a “spar” should have ended here. Xia Yuanba’s defeat after a single move, was a result that wasn’t out of anyone’s expectations. A powerful foundation, profound arts, and profound skills, allowed Xuan Yu to defeat someone who was only one level lower with just two maneuvers; not to mention Xia Yuanba who was only at the sixth level of Elementary Profound Realm. However, when Xia Yuanba’s body was still in the air and about to heavily fall to the ground, the corner of Xuan Yu’s mouth suddenly formed into a shady grin, as his right fist flashed with a purple light.

Yun Che immediately detected Xuan Yu’s intent, and promptly shouted: “Stop!!”

But how would Xuan Yu listen to him; an unrestrained Purple Cloud Palm violently smashed onto Xia Yuanba’s body that was just about to hit the ground.

The sound of at least three ribs breaking clearly resounded.

“Yuanba!!!!”

Not caring about anything else, Yun Che jumped over next to Yuanba’s body with a single leap, and supported his falling body. As Xia Yuanba touched the ground, his complexion had already become ghastly white; blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth, and his face was twisted because of the intense pain. Although Xia Yuanba’s body appeared to be robust, his protective profound energy was still too weak; it was impossible for him to endure Xuan Yu’s heavy strike.

Yun Che looked at Xuan Yu; his eyes filled with rage, as he spoke with a livid face: “This competition is only a sparring session, the match is finished when the victor is obvious. The victor was clear just now, why would you still strike him that heavily!”

“Heh!” Xuan Yu made a sneer of disdain: “It’s true that it was a spar, but swords are without eyes, and fists are hard to restrain; this is a principle that anyone would know. There are even occasions where lives are lost because of the difficulty of holding back during spars; it’s normal to receive a little bit of injury. How could I have known that your New Moon Profound Palace’s elite disciples were this fragile; bones broke and spewing blood just from one or two moves. You guys aren’t blaming yourselves for your uselessness, but instead criticize me?”

“Haha, what Junior Brother Xuan Yu said is too right.”

“During spars between our fellow apprentices, breaking a few bones is only a common occurrence; that’s what you call a real spar. New Moon Profound Palace can’t even handle a little injury; no wonder it had always been incompetent, tsktsk…”

“If I were to say, little brother Xuan Yu was already merciful enough. If little brother Xuan Yu had used all of his strength, with just that sixth level of Elementary Profound Realm’s protective profound energy, would that brat even be alive right now?”

Ear-piercing voices of mockery came from the seven sects’ side. New Moon Profound Palace’s elders could only shake their head and sigh helplessly. Yun Che’s deep rage made him reveal a smile instead; he carried Xia Yuanba next to Lan Xueruo who was the closest to him: “Senior Sister Xueruo, may I trouble you to look after Yuanba.”

“Okay!” Lan Xueruo hastily walked down, took out a pearl-white medicinal pellet and fed it into Xia Yuanba’s mouth. As she raised her head, she discovered that Yun Che had already stood up and walked toward Xuan Yu.

“What a great ‘swords are without eyes, and fists are hard to restrain’.” Yun Che stood in front of Xuan Yu, and his face had already become impeccably calm. He stared at this person who dared to maliciously injure Xia Yuanba in front of him, and spoke with an indifferent tone: “You better remember this sentence you had just said… Next, I’ll be your opponent! Yun Che, Profound Department Class One, sixteen years old!

“Who is this youth? While only sixteen, he’s already at first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, and the thickness of his profound energy is even a little higher than Li Hao. Why haven’t I seen him before?”

“There’s no need to think too much, he’s definitely a disciple in our Profound Department. He is my old friend’s grandson, and had just joined us today at noon.” Sikong Han explained to the other elders. However his expression was full of concern. Although Yun Che’s profound energy was slightly stronger than Li Hao, it was only by a little bit, and wouldn’t make much of a difference. Li Hao was heavily wounded facing Xuan Yu, which meant that there shouldn’t be a different result with Yun Che; at most, he would be able to endure a few more rounds. If he let Yun Che be injured right as he joined the Profound Department, he wouldn’t be able to face Xiao Lie. However, in this kind of situation, the person being challenged must accept the challenge, and it’s even harder to stop the challenger that stood out. He could only watch with open eyes, and pray that Yun Che doesn’t get too severe of an injury.

“Brother-in-law…. Be careful! He… He’s too strong….” Xia Yuanba said in a painful voice as he held onto his chest.

Xuan Yu froze for a bit when he heard Yun Che’s statement, and then started laughing as if he had heard the funniest joke in the world: “Ahahahaha, don’t tell me that you’re trying to warn me? Threaten me? An eye for an eye? Haha… Hahahaha! With just you? Hahahaha….”

Although Xuan Yu’s laugh was unbridled and harsh to the ear, there were no one that felt his laugh was presumptuous and baseless. Only after laughing for a long while, did he finally say with contempt: “Tsk tsk, I didn’t expect that in New Moon Profound Palace’s sixteen year-olds, there is actually someone that can be matched with Li Hao. This kind of level in New Moon City is actually quite good, but it’s too bad that you’ve met me today. Since you had the guts to challenge me, how about I give you an advantage?”

Xuan Yu slowly extended five fingers and shook them in front of Yun Che: “Five moves! If you can cross five moves with me, you’ll be considered as the winner of this spar, how about it?”

“Hahahaha, Junior Brother Xuan Yu, you’re thinking too highly of him.” A wave of laughter erupted from the side of Profound Heart Sect.

The main seat of this banquet, Qin Wuyou who didn’t speak at all since the beginning of the “Exchange of Pointers” finally had some shifts in expression. He silently looked at Yun Che’s gaze that didn’t waver in the slightest under Xuan Yu’s laughter and mocking, and exclaimed in his heart: This little fellow, is not simple by any means.

“Are you finished with your nonsense?” Yun Che coldly spoke.

“Oh! Your name was…. Uh, Yun Che, right? Don’t just stand there; if you want to start, then come attack me any time, at least you’ll get to attack once that way. If I strike first, you may not even have a chance to strike anymore.” Xuan Yu said with a grin as he crossed his arms in front of his chest.

“Heh,” Yun Che also laughed. He didn’t say a word more; all of a sudden, his body lunged forward as his left hand extended forward, and grabbed straight for Xuan Yu’s neck.

“What? You don’t even have any profound skills?” Xuan Yu’s laugh became even more mocking. His eyes half-narrowed, and only until Yun Che’s arm was just two feet away from his face, did he start to move; his right hand shot out like a lightning, grabbed toward Yun Che’s left wrist, and precisely caught his left hand in the palm of his hand….

A trace of a shady grin flashed in the corner of Xuan Yu’s mouth. Just as he was about to channel his profound energy to snap Yun Che’s wrist, the palm of his hand that had clearly caught Yun Che’s wrist instead felt empty…. His five fingers passed through Yun Che’s wrist, and fiercely grabbed the empty space! As for Yun Che’s body, it had also disappeared, as if turned into mist.

At the same time, a strong gust of wind came from his right side. With his mind still boggled, how could he even react….

“PAA!!”

A incomparably loud sound of a slap to the face resounded throughout every corner of the Main Palace. Everyone had clearly heard it; the sound was so distinctive, it was as if their own face had been slapped. The entirety of Xuan Yu was sent flying, and finally heavily crashed onto the ground after spinning a full one thousand four hundred and forty degrees in midair.

For this slap, Yun Che didn’t holding back a single ounce of his strength. He rubbed the back of his hand that became a little red on his clothes with disgust, and spoke indifferently: “First move.”





Chapter 67 – The Battle That Shook the City (4)


This merciless slap to the face, straight up dumbfounded Xuan Yu, as well as everyone present. At first, they had expected that Yun Che would suffer a disastrous defeat, or even get severely injured in just a few moves; none of them had thought that, in their first round of exchange, Yun Che actually gave Xuan Yu a merciless slap to the face…. And the sound of the slap couldn’t be any louder either!

All of the people from the seven major sects were completely stupefied. New Moon Profound Palace’s disciples and elders were also collectively flabbergasted. For a moment, their brain promptly froze, and couldn’t make any turns for a long time. Only until the words “First Move” exited indifferently from Yun Che’s mouth, did they finally wake up, as if they had been in a deep dream. After finally confirming what had happened was actually real, everyone of them opened their eyes wide….

Both Li Hao and Xia Yuanba suffered a crushing defeat; this together with Xuan Yu’s endless provocation and mockery, made New Moon Profound Palace disciples hold a bellyful of anger and humiliation, but they couldn’t do anything at all to regain their face. Seeing this ruthless slap to the face by Yun Che, soothed their entire body all the way down to their bone marrows. The delightfulness they experienced from head to toe couldn’t even be described in words; if not out of concern of this banquet, they would’ve straight up shouted out to cheer.

One after the other, the seven sects, especially the Profound Heart Clan, looked at each other’s faces in dismay. Xuan Yu, who was impressively at the second level of Nascent Profound Realm, who also carried the sect’s profound arts and skills, actually had gotten fiercely slapped in the face by a first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm who had absolutely no traces of any profound art on his body…. Was this a joke?

“Earlier that was…. a profound movement skill? Elder Sikong, did you see his movements clearly?” An elder of New Moon Profound Palace asked in a low voice.

“Completely did not! Moreover, I’ve never seen that movement skill before either.” Sikong Han spoke with a quiet voice; his gaze that looked at Yun Che was now far different from before.

Xuan Yu crawled back up from the ground while floundering; the entire right side of his face had already swelled up high, and became as red as a monkey’s buttocks. Just earlier, he was talking big, but in a blink of an eye, he was slapped in the face by someone during this kind of occasion; this could be said as a humiliation Xuan Yu had never received in his entire lifetime. He furiously stared at Yun Che, his gaze impeccably pernicious; however, he managed to suppress it and didn’t lose The basics of his demeanor. While forcing himself to smile, he said: “Good, very good! I had deliberately left you an opening at first, so you could at least exchange a few moves and not lose too much face. But since you couldn’t tell what’s good for you at all, get ready to face the consequences of angering me!!”

Yun Che shook his right hand, apathetically glanced at him, and said with disdain: “Moron!”

“You’re… courting death!” Xuan Yu was completely enraged; with a low roar, he raised both of his hands, and took the initiative to charge at Yun Che. At the same time, purple light flashed above both his left and right palm. Then, both fists simultaneously extended and smashed toward Yun Che; under the Purple Sun Profound Art, Xuan Yu’s two hands contained a force of at least five hundred kilos.

“Junior Brother Yun, be careful!” Lan Xueruo subconsciously cried out in shock. Since she sat in the front-most row, it was enough for her to clearly feel how enormous of a power had been concentrated onto Xuan Yu’s hands at this moment. At the same time, the hearts of New Moon Profound Palace’s elders and disciple had also suspended…. Xuan Yu’s true strength was obvious; about that round just a moment ago, it was extremely possible that Xuan Yu had only been underestimating enemy and got careless. Against the Xuan Yu who was now enraged; was it even possible for Yun Che to still handle him?

“Die!” Xuan Yu’s eyes glinted with maliciousness. The earlier humiliation made the intention to kill Yun Che rise from his heart. Although he didn’t really dare to kill someone within New Moon Profound Palace, he still had the confidence that this strike was enough to cripple Yun Che for life!

Under the enormous pressure, it was as if Yun Che couldn’t move at all from the suppression, and there weren’t any signs of a defensive posture. Xuan Yu’s two fists directly smashed onto Yun Che’s chest without difficulty, and then…. passed right through his body!

Wh….at!?

Xuan Yu’s eyes suddenly bulged wide open as his body also tilted forward from the inertia. At this time, a sharp sound of wind came breaking through the air from his left side…..

“PAA!!!”

Another deafening slap to the face that couldn’t be any louder, clearly resounded throughout the entire Main Palace yet again. Xuan Yu’s body once more, flew; after magnificently spinning four rotations in the air, he face-planted onto the ground jaw first, like a poop eating dog. The left side of his face had also increasingly swelled and became as red as blood.

“Second Move.” Yun Che leisurely said as he gently blew on the back of his left hand.

All of New Moon Profound Palace’s disciples opened their eyes wide, and two words collectively sounded in their heart: “Holy shit!”

If the first time was said to be because of carelessness, luck, or coincidence; then the second time definitely could not be explained using words like careless, luck, or coincidence.

The Li Hao who was defeated by Xuan Yu had not left, and was only carried to the back for treatment. As he watched Xuan Yu get slapped flying once more with open eyes, his entire face became thoroughly red from excitement, to the point that he couldn’t even feel the intense pain on his body anymore. He yelled out uncontrollably: “What a great hit! That hit was fucking refreshing!! How stress relieving!”

“Hehe!” The person currently treating Li Hao’s injuries was Li Hao’s cousin, Li Haoran. As he heard Li Hao’s speech, he laughed gleefully, and leisurely spoke: “Little Hao, I can tell with just one glance that you’re still lacking. Junior Brother Yun’s hit was not only great, refreshing, stress relieving, but also extremely clever! Look at that Xuan Yu’s face. First slap, his right cheek became a monkey’s butt; second hit, his left cheek became another monkey’s butt. That color, that swollen shape, that position, and that height; it’s exactly identical to the right side, and that’s what you call symmetry! Look at Xuan Yu’s face again; it all of a sudden, feels much more balanced than before! These are not a mere two slaps to the face, but a perfected art of face slapping; the strength, position, and angle all requires extreme precision. It’s definitely not something that just anyone could slap out; it really is too marvelous to express with words!”

“PFFT….”

Li Haoran’s voice was not quiet at all, and more than half the people present within the Palace heard it clearly. Many had lost it on the spot, and some Profound Department disciples held their stomach, trying hard not to laugh out loud as they raised their thumbs at Li Haoran.

“Ha… . Haha….” Although his innards pained whenever he laughed, Li Hao was laughing with extraordinary glee: “Heh, as expected, cousin’s level really is much higher…. In any case, it doesn’t matter whether Junior Brother Yun wins or loses; I’ll definitely become friends with him!”

Xuan Yu awkwardly stumbled back up again, and forcibly swallowed down three of his teeth along with his blood. He fixed his bulging eyes at Yun Che, wishing that he could rip him apart just by his gaze alone. At the same time, he was also astonished inside his heart…. Just now, how did he appear on my left? His body was obviously still at that original spot! Twice, I had clearly struck him, yet how did I hit empty space instead? Did something go wrong with my eyes?

Or was it a Profound Movement Skill? But how could such a Profound Movement Skill exist!!

Jasmine had told Yun Che before; if “Star God’s Broken Shadow” was only cultivated to the first realm, he could already hold his ground against two opponents of the same level simultaneously. When cultivated to the third realm, even if he was facing against an opponent that’s five levels higher, he would still be able to retreat uninjured. “Star God’s Broken Shadows” had eight realms in total; Jasmine has currently cultivated it to the sixth realm, and could break into six phantoms that were difficult to distinguish real from fake. The current Yun Che had mastered the first realm, and could only break into one afterimage. However, although it was only the first realm, it’s still a Profound Skill that came from Jasmine! How could it be compared to normal movement profound skills. Let alone Xuan Yu who was at the Nascent Profound Realm, even the Palace Chiefs at the Spirit Profound Realm and Earth Profound Realm, was basically unable to clearly see Yun Che’s movement. The bewilderment in their heart, far surpassed those of the young disciples.

“How do your teeth taste?” Yun Che narrowed his eyes, and mercilessly ridiculed him.

“He…. Hehe….” Xuan Yu wiped the corner of his mouth, and instead laughed: “Yun Che, to force me into such an embarrassed state, you can be considered the first. And so, you will die miserably, very miserably…”

Before Xuan Yu had even finished speaking his malicious words, Yun Che’s silhouette suddenly swayed in his vision and already dashed in his direction. Xuan Yu’s expression sank as both of his arms abruptly drew a half circle toward his front; this time he had learned his lesson, and directly used the Purple Sun Arts to envelop the three directions of the front, left and right side. No matter which position Yun Che suddenly moved to, if he touched the Purple Sun Profound Energy, he would instantly receive his powerful counter attack. He was confident in that one move…. With just a single move, he would be able to pound Yun Che onto the ground, to the point of not even being able to crawl back up.

Yun Che’s silhouette disappeared just like before as he came in contact with the Purple Sun Profound Energy in front of him. Xuan Yu’s complexion darkened, and instantly focused his concentration to his left and right side…. However this time, the strong gust of wind, actually whistled from above.

Bang!!

Yun Che, who Broken Shadowed into the air, ruthlessly kicked at Xuan Yu’s right eye; his body backflipped in place, and he once more, landed jaw first onto the ground, as a bloody tooth flew out right away. When Yun Che landed on his feet, he nearly stepped on his head. As his vision swept downwards, he spoke languidly : “Third Move!”

“You bastard…. AHH!!”

Bang!!

Just as Xuan Yu was about to crawl back up, Yun Che’s feet abruptly flew out, and kicked Xuan Yu’s left eye. His body that was half raised splendidly performed a backflip again, as both his eyes suddenly became like that of a panda’s.

“Did your master not teach you to stay concentrated in any situation…. Fourth move!”

“UWAAA…. I’LL KILL YOU!!”

His entire face was impeccably red and swollen. Both of his eye sockets became black and blue. Xuan Yu’s face that originally brimmed with heroic spirit, had now become neither like a human nor a demon; it was miserable to the max. As he stood up, his face that was already terrifying, became even more sinister. All of his profound energy frantically flowed out, and it was as if his entire person stood on the brink of insanity.

“Purple Sun Thousand Phantom Hands!!”

Xuan Yu hoarsely roared and rushed at Yun Che; under the Purple Sun Arts, both of his arms had almost become completely purple.

“It’s one of Profound Heart Sect’s ultimate moves…. Purple Sun Thousand Phantom Hands! Yun Che beware!” Sikong Han instantly stood up as he yelled in shock

Xuan Yu’s arms swung out quickly, and launched countless purple shades of light that wildly enveloped in Yun Che’s direction. Yun Che didn’t retreat nor dodge; his eyes narrowed down into a slit as his right hand extended through the lines of purple light, and smashed the place above Xuan Yu’s elbow with just the right amount of force.

“This Profound Heart Sect’s Purple Sun Art uses the three Veins ‘Purple Sun’, ‘Fu Zhong’, and ‘Tian Tan’ to consolidate energy, while using the Purple Sun Vein as core. If the Purple Sun vein is shaken, the Purple Sun Art would immediately disintegrate, and all the profound energy in the entire body would temporarily be in disorder. At the same time when the Purple Sun Art is activated, the position two inches above his chest that connects to the Purple Sun vein, would flood all the protective profound energy into the Purple Sun Vein; that place then can be considered as completely defenseless!”

This was what Jasmine had informed him just a moment ago.

The place that Yuan Che heavily smashed, was exactly Xuan Yu’s Purple Sun Vein.

Immediately, Xuan Yu’s entire arm was paralyzed. All of the purple energy instantaneously vanished as the profound energy in his entire body went into a state of chaos, making Xuan Yu’s body freeze for a brief period of time. And in this exact brief moment, that Yun Che stepped forward, and fiercely smashed his elbow onto the location slightly above the center of his chest.

*Crack!!*

Xuan Yu’s sternum was instantly shattered and dislocated; his entire body flew into the air like a dead leaf in the wind. As he flew backwards, he violently vomited a bloody arrow out from his mouth. After that, he fell onto the ground like a sandbag; his entire body convulsed twice, and became incapable of getting back up.

“Fifth move…. Tsk tsk, this Profound Heart Sect’s Brother Xuan Yu really kept to his words. He previously said that he’d let me win after five moves, and it really took five moves for me to win; not one more and not one less. Brother Xuan Yu’s promises are truly admirable.”

“You……” Xuan Yu extended his hand and pointed at Yun Che as his entire body trembled. But after just saying the one word “you”, his eyes rolled backwards until only the whites of the eyes could be seen; his head tilted at an angle and he immediately passed out. No one knew whether he had fainted due to the injury or due to anger.

“Xuan Yu!”

Profound Heart Sect disciples were all startled; two people hastily stepped up to pick up Xuan Yu’s body that fell to the ground and consecutively fed him three medicinal pellets into his mouth. One of them looked up, glared at Yun Che, and furiously spoke: “During this exchange of pointers amongst those of the same age, you actually acted this viciously! If anything happens to Xuan Yu, my Profound Heart Sect will definitely not let you off.”

“Oh, I don’t understand what you’re saying.” Yun Che replied with a sneer: “Yes, we were exchanging pointers, but swords are without eyes, and fists are hard to restrain. While exchanging pointers, there are even occasions where lives are lost because of the difficulty of holding back during spars; it’s normal to receive a little bit of injury. How was I supposed to know that your Profound Heart Sect’s disciple was this fragile? Bones breaking and coughing up blood just from five moves; why aren’t you blaming your useless disciple, instead of trying to criticize me?”

The arrogant words that Xuan Yu had originally said after inflicting wounds upon Li Hao and Xia Yuanba earlier, Yun Che sent them back word by word…. And not only was it merely his words that were returned, but it was even more so a resounding slap to the face.





Chapter 68 – The Battle That Shook the City (5)


Yun Che’s words made the hearts of New Moon Profound Palace disciples feel incomparably refreshed. Li Hao’s injuries had already stabilized as he straightened his back, clenched his fist tightly, and watched the pitiful scenery of Xuan Yu that passed out on the floor. Never in his life had he vented so much anger. He felt extremely grateful towards Yun Che because he knew that if it wasn’t for Yun Che, he would never, in this lifetime, have the chance to payback this debt to Xuan Yu….. Let alone pay it back in folds.

Five moves to win; the first two were two slaps on the face, the second two was a pair of panda eyes, and the final one was an immediate knock-out…. How was this an exchange of pointers; this was a humiliation comparable to being skinned alive! When cursing, one shouldn’t pinpoint shortcomings, and when striking, one shouldn’t strike the face; however, Yun Che took it all out on Xuan Yu’s face. It was not because Yun Che had vicious intentions; it was due to Xuan Yu’s malicious intentions which severely injured Xia Yuanba, that stirred his true fury.

As disciples of the Profound Heart Sect, how could they still keep a steady face, when their hearts overflowed with rage; when they’ve been ridiculed by a disciple of New Moon Profound Palace, whom they had always looked down upon? One amongst them abruptly stood up and spoke while facing Qin Wuyou: “Palace Chief Qin, today is your appointment date and us Profound Heart Sect came here in good faith to sincerely congratulate you. Our disciples exchanging pointers was also just to liven things up, but not only did your disciple act viciously, he even insulted my Profound Heart Sect’s disciples…. if I may ask, is this how your New Moon Profound Palace shows hospitality?”

“Hahahaha……” Qin Wuyou had not even replied, yet Yun Che had actually started to laugh heartily: “I really don’t know how thick the skin on your face has to be, to actually dare say such a thing. Your Profound Heart Sect disciple Xuan Yu seriously injured two of our New Moon Profound Palace disciples in a row. You’d have to be blind to not have seen him maliciously injure them on purpose. Furthermore, he even mocked and ridiculed our New Moon Profound Palace, but no one from your sect stopped him, and instead laughed and jeered on. So is this the sincerity your Profound Heart Sect was talking about? Such a joke is even worse than a load of bull!”

Qin Wuyou intended to get up, but after hearing Yun Che’s retort, he sat back down with a smile; he sat as motionless as a mountain, but was secretly surprised, this kid….

“You!!” The person from Profound Heart Sect never would have thought that a young disciple from New Moon Profound Palace would actually dare to point at his nose and condemn him; in addition, every single sentence hit the vitals and left him with no rebuttal.

“At the moment, I’ve only just injured one of your disciples, and you guys started to jumped out to question our Palace Chief Qin. In that case, when Xuan Yu injured our disciples earlier, where were you guys then? Were your eyes all blind? Or is it….. that this is your Profound Heart Sect’s style all along?” Yun Che insidiously continued, and didn’t stop as he was ahead.

For a long time now, New Moon Profound Palace disciples had always felt a sense of inferiority when confronted with the seven sects. Even if the seven sects openly or covertly suppressed them, they had no choice but to endure; because they were unwilling to spark conflict with any one of the seven sects. Not mentioning the disciples, even the elders would not dare to berate the seven sects in this way.

But Yun Che had just joined the Profound Palace, and was only a sixteen year old disciple; nevertheless, in the presence of Profound Heart Sect’s Head Elder, he had pointed at the Profound Heart Sect’s disciple and scolded him until his entire body trembled all over. The rest of the people from Profound Heart Sect were livid.

Satisfaction!! Genuine satisfaction….. The people from Profound Heart Sect had unsightly looks as if they had just eaten a pile of dung. Whereas the New Moon Profound Palace disciples’ hearts were satisfied to the point that their bodies had almost floated away. New Moon Profound Palace was completely reasonable in this matter. Xuan Yu maliciously injuring people was plain for all to see. Even though it was so, excluding Yun Che, no one else dared to berate and mock Profound Heart Sect in this way. But Yun Che dared to….. He had yelled out what they had not dared to yell out, and he had condemned the people they had not dared to condemn.

“Ah, it really is a new born calf who’s not afraid of a tiger.” Stated a middle-aged man from the Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect.

“His imposing manner is not bad and his innate ability is passable, for New Moon Profound Palace to produce a disciple like this is rather rare.” Xiao Luocheng held onto a cup of wine as he squinted his eyes to appreciate the small ripples at the center and appeared, as if he wasn’t concerned about what had just happened in the Main Palace: “Unfortunately, he is a little insolent and foolish. To dare to offend Profound Heart Sect in this way; does he really believe that New Moon Profound Palace is capable of protecting him?”

The complexion of New Moon Profound Palace elders fluctuated. Yun Che defeating Xuan Yu allowed New Moon Profound Palace to let out a huge breath of relief. What he had said after that had let them feel even more refreshed at heart, but this had put Profound Heart Sect on the spot. Profound Heart Sect was one of the seven major sects of New Moon City, and for them, a colossus in this city, to be offended by a mere sixteen years old this way….. Even New Moon Profound Palace may not be able to guarantee his safety.

The gaze of the Profound Heart Sect that looked toward Yun Che became solemn, yet Yun Che appeared as if he was oblivious to this. He slightly turned his body, looked at everyone present, and proudly stated: “Our New Moon Profound Palace is appointed by the Imperial Family, but naturally cannot compare to the resources and heritage of your long standing sects. However, our New Moon Profound Palace disciples will never consider themselves inferior to anyone whatsoever, and definitely will not stand being bullied or humiliated! One that humiliates, will in turn be humiliated! For Profound Heart Sect’s Xuan Yu to maliciously injure my senior and junior in front of my eyes, as a New Moon Profound Palace disciple, there’s no reason for me to treat him with courtesy. Otherwise, wouldn’t New Moon City ridicule New Moon Profound Palace disciples as cowards who can only submit, even after being bullied and humiliated? If you’re discontent and is incapable of accepting this, you can come up and give me some guidance. I’ve heard that there are quite a number of talents in New Moon City’s seven major sects; since I am just an ordinary disciple from New Moon Profound Palace, I really want to know…. How many people would you need to make me…. step down from here!”

These words violently stirred the expressions of everyone in the Main Palace.

If the preceding parts of this statement was an impassioned speech, then the last sentence was complete arrogance! Complete arrogance to the extreme! Because hidden meaning within these words,meant that an ordinary disciple of New Moon Profound Palace, was unexpectedly challenging the seven major sects…. in contempt!

“What a complete fool!” Murong Ye snorted from his nose, and said while sneering.

“Even if Junior Brother Yun was bathing in the limelight just now, this is too arrogant and reckless….” That was what the majority of New Moon Profound Palace disciples thought in their hearts. Especially the disciples who have been in New Moon City for a long time; they clearly knew the astonishing strength the seven major sects possessed. Although Yun Che defeated Xuan Yu, he was still only at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm. Any one talent from the seven major sects of the same age group could completely oppress him. Not only were his words ridiculing, it also…. humiliated himself.

“This-this-this……” Sikong Han’s face was full of anxiety as his body trembled; he could not help himself from wanting to get up to stop Yun Che. But in this kind of situation, it was fundamentally impossible for him to say something to stop him.

“Apparently, calling him foolish is still thinking too highly of him…. He’s a total moron.” Xiao Luocheng put down the cup of wine as he laughed in disdain. A sixteen year old breaking into the first level of the Nascent Profound of Realm was indeed considered a pretty good innate talent; even in the seven major sects, he would be classified as top-tier. However, to lean on this one fact and dare be this arrogant, it was practically the same as a little clown’s animated performance.

While also at the age of sixteen, Xiao Luocheng was already the number one in this generation of youths in New Moon City, and this was because he was already at the tenth level of the Nascent Profound Realm! He nearly surpassed Yun Che by an entire realm! Considering his level, when faced with Yun Che’s current attitude and words, it indeed was like a genuinely strong practitioner looking at an arrogant little clown.

“Hahahaha! You’re killing me! The fact that a loser at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, who luckily defeated Profound Heart Sect’s Xuan Yu with a Profound Movement Skill, would actually dare be this arrogant; he truly can’t tell the differences between heaven and earth. Watch your daddy come teach you a lesson!”

Following this voice full of ridicule, a lone person leapt high in the air and landed in front of Yun Che. A youngster provocatively stared at him with disdain. Once he appeared, quite a few people from New Moon Profound Palace immediately yelled out his name.

“It’s Cloudy Sun Sect’s Yan Ming! It’s said that his innate talent is ranked in the top five of Cloudy Sun Sect’s younger generation! Only sixteen years old, and is already a third ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm, who has even mastered a bit of the Burning Sun Art!

Yan Ming raised his palm, and after a *poof* sounded from the hollow of his palm, a red-colored flame rose to about half a foot high: “Yan Ming, Cloudy Sun Sect, sixteen years and seven months old. Remember this uncle’s name because this uncle is about to teach you how to behave!”

“Heh, really?” Faced with Yan Ming’s Fire Attribute Profound Art, Yun Che undauntingly sneered: “I’m afraid that in the end, you’re the one who’s going to be taught how to behave.”

He thought to himself: Playing with fire in front of me? That’s simply dying without even knowing how you died!

“Seems like you’re only full of words. Hey, properly use that Profound Movement Skill from earlier, because that’ll only let you hold out for a little while longer. Come, run along in the wake of my flame, and let all these people see your fleeting figure, hahahaha….. Cloudy Sun Chain!”

Amidst his wild laughter, both of Yan Ming’s hands suddenly lashed out. Within a split second, two waves of scorching energy with the thickness of an arm each shot out from his palms; as two flaming chains ferociously crossed a few meters to wrap toward Yun Che’s body.

“Cloudy Sun Chain! He actually used Cloudy Sun Sect’s signature skill! Yan Ming is only at the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm, yet he’s already able to use such a frightening Fire Attribute Profound Skill! That’s simply unbelievable!” New Moon Profound Palace’s Class Two Elder said in alarm.

“With this level of Cloudy Sun Chain, it would even be hard for those in the sixth level of the Nascent Profound Realm to resist; Yun Che this time….. I hope his Profound Movement Skill will be able to keep him from getting a severe injury.” Sighed another elder.

“Using Cloudy Sun Chain to deal with an arrogant kid at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm; that’s as overkill as killing a chicken with a butcher knife meant for bulls.” An eighteen year old disciple from Cloudy Sun Sect said as he curled his lips.

Two whips of Cloudy Sun Chains danced about like ferocious flame dragons as they emitted a temperature that could make one suffocate. Yun Che quickly dodged by moving three paces to the side, but it was as if the two chains had eyes; they suddenly changed directions and coiled towards Yun Che with an even faster speed. It appeared as if Yun Che couldn’t dodge it anymore, for he actually reached out with his hands, and directly grabbed at the chains.

“Fuck! Does he not want his hands anymore?”

“Tch, he must have been scared silly, and completely lost his mind. With this, unless Yan Ming lets him go, the meridians in his arms will burn, and he could be considered to be crippled for life.”

Seeing Yun Che’s course of action, Yan Ming laughed in his heart: To actually attempt to grab my Cloudy Sun Chains with your right hand? Hahahaha, everyone can clearly see that this was what you’ve brought upon yourself, and when your hand is crippled, it wouldn’t be my fault at all!”

Many from New Moon Profound Palace’s side cried out in shock; but in this brief flash of time, it was simply impossible for anyone to react, as Yun Che’s hand had already tightly grabbed onto the two Cloudy Sun Chains……

Everyone from New Moon Profound Palace collectively held their breaths, and some of the female disciples had already shut their eyes, unable to bear to watch what was about to unfold. However, there was no sound of being burnt; nor did Yun Che’s palm emit any smoke; nor did his palm catch on fire. In the instant Yun Che had seized the two chains, the Cloudy Sun Chains were like two noodles that could snap with just a slight tug, and immediately broke apart in Yun Che’s hands.





Chapter 69 – The Battle That Shook the City (6)


“Wh… What!!”

As they watched the terrifying Cloudy Sun Chains unexpectedly break just like that in Yun Che’s hands, everyone’s face had an expression of shock. Yan Ming’s eyes opened even wider, as he simply didn’t dare to believe his own eyes.

“How… How is that possible? That was one of Cloudy Sun Sect’s ultimate moves! The chain of fire that was consolidated using profound energy has a temperature that even surpasses real flames; and it also possesses a strong devouring nature. How did it break just from one touch of Yun Che’s hands!” An elder of the New Moon Profound Palace said in bewilderment.

The elders on Cloudy Sun Sect’s side were even more so blown away, that they turned pale and lost their composure. Head Elder Yan Zizai abruptly stood up, and almost believed that something went wrong with his own eyes. The disciple by his side quickly stated: “Elder, there is no need to panic. After all, Junior Brother Yan Ming is only at the third level of Nascent Profound Realm; it’s still a little bit far-fetched for him to control the Cloudy Sun Chain. Therefore, the chain may have snapped because of insufficient profound strength.”

“Hmph! Purposefully showing off while not even having sufficient profound energy; it’s as if he’s asking to be scoffed at!” Yan Zizai coldly snorted. The situation before his eyes could only be explained in this way. It was impossible for him to believe that Yun Che, who was only at the first level of Nascent Profound Realm, could sever the Cloudy Sun Chains with his bare hands, and furthermore, have his entire hand remain unscathed.

Yun Che clapped his hands, and spoke while laughing heartily: “Brother Yan Ming is really impressive at circus acts. With your skills from earlier, tsk tsk, it’s really a waste to not go perform on the streets.”

“This…. This is impossible!” Yan Ming’s heart was filled dismay. Others couldn’t tell, but he clearly understood that his Cloudy Sun Chain from before was released and executed with great success; it should have been completely enough to burn Yun Che’s palm into a crisp, as soon as it got in contact with his hands. There shouldn’t be any reason for it to break so abruptly.

Yun Che’s mockery drove Yan Ming into a fit of rage; he spoke with a menacing expression: “Don’t get full of yourself! Just now, I was simply just casually probing your strength; I’ll let you experience the real Cloudy Sun Chain from my Cloudy Sun Sect right this instant!”

Although firm words came out of his mouth, the previous “failure” made him lose his confidence. He no longer dared to simultaneously channel two Cloudy Sun Chains in both hands; but rather, growled lowly as a thick and strong chain of fire abruptly swung out from his right palm towards Yun Che, like a dancing fire snake.

This time, Yun Che didn’t even move. The Cloudy Sun Chain quickly approached, and then wrapped around his body in a flash…. Yan Ming immediately felt a wave of joy in his heart. Just as he was about to detonate the fire profound energy, he suddenly saw the wrapped Cloudy Sun Chain break apart into several segments like a rotten hemp rope, under Yun Che’s incredibly nonchalant tug. Afterwards, it completely extinguished.

Yun Che had already become angry. He patted his clothes that were touched by the Cloudy Sun Chain, and furiously spoke: “We came here to exchange pointers, but you’re actually showing me circus tricks! This is simply a waste of everyone’s time! I should just kick you off this stage sooner!”

With a low shout, Yun Che instantly appeared at Yan Ming’s right with a Star God’s Broken Shadow, and struck straight for his face with a fist concentrated in profound energy. Yan Ming whose Cloudy Sun Chain broke once again, was helplessly overwhelmed with shock and dismay. Due to his mind that was in state of panic, his reaction speed slowed down by half a beat; he didn’t have enough time to counter or block, and could only hastily retreat backwards. However, he was still struck solidly on the center of his chest by Yun Che’s fist.

Yan Ming’s protective profound energy wavered; although Yun Che’s profound strength was two ranks below him, getting hit by a heavy frontal strike all of a sudden was definitely unpleasant. Rage and embarrassment mingled in his heart, and with a shout of “Scorching Fire Fist”, both his fists became concentrated in fire as he punched towards Yun Che.

Yun Che slightly tilted his body and dodged Yan Ming’s fists that burned with fire. He then suddenly raised his right hand, and pressed onto Yan Ming’s right arm that had swung out. The corner of his mouth drew back, and faintly formed a cold smile…

“AHHHH!!!!!”

A dying pig’s scream of agony resounded through the Main Palace. The Yan Ming who had just swung out the Scorching Fire Fists kneeled on the ground amidst his blood-curdling screech. As his left and right arms frantically lashed about, the flames on both of his hands had already vanished. However, there were actually wisps of rising black smoke above his five fingers, and a pungent burnt smell gradually spread inside the palace.

Yan Zizai was greatly startled; in a flash, he dashed in front of Yan Ming. As if they were lightning, both his hands pinched Yan Ming’s pair of hands, and quickly guided out the flame energy that permeated inside his hands.

Yan Ming’s expression of agony had finally somewhat lessened, but both of his hands were already less than half burnt. His five fingers exaggeratedly spread out, and were twisted to such an extent that it would scare a person. Lines of black smoke still slowly permeated out of the burnt flesh on his hands.

“To actually let the flame energy rebound back to yourself! Did your cultivation during these few years all turn to dog shit!!” Yan Zizai looked at Yan Ming, and furiously bellowed with a livid face, with not a care for where they were at this current occasion. As a disciple with a talent that ranked in the top five of the Cloudy Sun Sect’s younger generation, not only did his Cloudy Sun Chains break twice, he actually exhibited such a low level and laughable mistake in front of everyone; he had virtually lost, all of Cloudy Sun Sect’s prestige.

Fire attribute Profound Arts could enable profound practitioners to consolidate fire using profound energy, but by no means did it mean that they, themselves, were invulnerable to fire. For instance, when Yan Ming condensed fire onto his hands earlier, there was also a layer of protective profound energy in between his hand and the flame.

The embarrassing state that Yan Ming showed after using the Scorching Flame Fist, clearly seemed as if he wasn’t able to adequately control the flame energy. The flame energy consolidated by profound energy was not entirely released outside; a part of it formed into the flames on his hands, and another portion directly exploded inside his palms, and scorched himself! But this kind of mistake, would usually only happen within the first half year of practicing this fire attribute profound art. Also, the power of this fire was weak during this period of time, so even if there was a mistake, it wouldn’t do too much harm. After some time, controlling fire using profound energy would become as easy as controlling one’s own hands and feet; this kind of joke-like mistake should, fundamentally, not occur.

Of course, it was impossible for Yan Zizai to expect that during the split second Yun Che touched Yan Ming’s arm, he had guided the fire from his hands into the interior of his palm. Even if Yun Che openly declared the truth right now, Yi Zizai still wouldn’t have believed him.

“Elder, I….”

“Shut the hell up. Haven’t you lost enough face! Why haven’t you already gone off for treatment!” Yan Zizai said with an angry tone of voice.

Yan Ming obediently shut his mouth, drooped both his burnt hands, and walked back with his head down. He glanced at Yun Che and violently clenched his teeth…. He instinctively felt that the shattering of Cloudy Sun Chain and the rebounding of his profound fire had something to do with Yun Che; since it was impossible for him to make this kind of mistake otherwise. But even if he assumed that it had something to do with Yun Che, he simply couldn’t find any justification for his reasoning. Yun Che was only at the first level of Nascent Profound Realm, how was it possible for him to have broken his Cloudy Sun Chain with only bare hands; and it was even more impossible for him to cause the rebound of the profound fire.

“Heh. This brat, his luck isn’t too bad. He actually met such an idiot; I had thought he’d already be paying the price for his arrogance from before.” A middle aged man in Xiao sect snorted.

“He wouldn’t be able to pass the next person.” Xiao Luocheng dispassionately smiled.

New Moon Profound Palace’s elders and disciples had also let out a long breath of relief. They had thought that Yun Che would definitely suffer a miserable defeat, and may even be covered in burn injuries; they didn’t expect that the opponent would make such a low level mistake when using his sect’s profound art, which instead, made it Yun Che’s victory. Like this, Yun Che with his profound strength at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, had now consecutively defeated one at the second level of the Nascent Profound Realm, and another at the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm!!

This was definitely an impressive achievement that New Moon Profound Palace could be proud of.

Yun Che crossed his arms in front of his chest. His face, that seeped with a hint of immature aura, currently had pride written all over it: “That’s already two, who will be the third!”

This arrogant tone, instigated a wave of sneers from disciples of the seven sects. This moron who has no idea about the differences between heaven and earth, and thinks too highly of his own abilities; couldn’t he see that the previous victory was only due to Yan Ming’s low level mistake that injured himself?

Just as Yun Che’s figure landed, directly to his front, the disciple that appeared to be the youngest stood up from the Stormy Profound Palace’s seats.

“Feng Guangyi! From Stormy Profound Palace, sixteen years old!” This youth’s build was not that tall, and his features were nothing special to look at either. He was also only sixteen, and of course, he also possessed the lofty aura that naturally came from being sought after by countless people while being only sixteen. He looked at Yun Che with an extremely disdainful gaze, and said in an indifferent manner: “I originally didn’t want to bother with you because you’re not even worthy to be my opponent; it’s just that I simply couldn’t stand your arrogance anymore. You only won by luck against a second rate Xuan Yu, and even more luckily won against a joke of the Cloudy Sun Sect. Do you seriously think that you’re someone important now? Unfortunately, in my eyes, you’re also just a joke!”

“Nicely said! Kick him off!”

“Did he really think that our seven sects don’t have anyone else!”

“Mn, although this Feng Guangyi had just become sixteen, he has already reached the third level of Nascent Profound Realm a few months ago. Rumors say that he’s about to break through to the fourth level of Nascent Profound Realm; his innate talent definitely surpasses Yan Ming. It has also been said that his sense of perception is extremely high, and he has already cultivated his sect’s Profound Art “Storm Piercing Arts” to its third stage, which even shocked the Grand Elders who had underwent closed-door training for many years…. I would guess that this arrogant Yun Che wouldn’t even be able to cross ten moves with him.”

“Ten moves? Tch, you’re thinking too highly of him. Five moves maximum, and he’ll be kicked off!”

Feng Guangyi’s sarcastic speech was very irritating to the ear; yet Yun Che didn’t get angry in the slightest, and replied to him with an even more sarcastic gaze and tone: “Who will be the real joke in the end, you’ll find out very soon.”

“Hmph!” Feng Guangyi sneered: “If I can’t make you roll off the stage in ten moves, my name wouldn’t be Feng Guangyi anymore!”

As he spoke, Feng Guangyi completely opened his half narrowed eyes all of a sudden. The clothing on his entire body started to flutter and made sounds as if they were being blown by a fierce wind…. And around his body, there indeed swirled, a powerful whirlwind.

Feng Guangyi raised up his gaze, and disdainfully spoke: “Bratty little Yun Che, remember this well; the profound skill that will make you roll off the stage, is my Stormy Profound Sect’s ‘Storm of Nine Forms’!!”

As his voice fell, Feng Guangyi’s body ferociously charged toward Yun Che like a howling gale. During his extremely fast movements, his body was also continuously shifting directions; sometimes to the left and sometimes to the right. As the speed of his movements further increased, a large mass of an unidentifiable shadow appeared before Yun Che’s eyes, along with many circles of terrifying whirlwinds.

“First Form… Fierce Wind Form!”

With a loud shout, four strands of vicious profound energy simultaneously flew toward Yun Che like were four gusts of fierce wind. As Yun Che knitted his brow, his silhouette quickly flashed, and dodged three of the four. However, he was unable to avoid the fourth; his profound energy quickly welled up and constructed protective profound energy in front of his body with full force.

Bang!!

As Yun Che took three consecutive steps backwards, his blood churned inside the center of his chest. Directly defending against profound energy of the third level of Nascent Profound Realm with the protective profound energy of the first level of Nascent Profound Realm, was as expected, a bit too far-fetched. Once was still doable; but if he was struck again, he would definitely be harmed.

“Second Form…. Wind Shadow Form!”

The whirlwind blew even more viciously, and fully filled Yun Che’s ears with the howling of the wind. Feng Guangyi’s speed had also increased to his limit; Yun Che’s surroundings were entirely filled with Feng Guangyi’s shadows. At this moment, a silhouette rushed toward his back like a violent storm…. And as for Yun Che, he also turned around at nearly the same instant.

The speed of Yun Che’s reaction, was completely out of Feng Guangyi’s expectations. However, he was only slightly shocked for a little bit, since he believed that even if Yun Che managed to react, it was impossible for him to dodge an attack with his maximum speed. His heavy blow violently smashed toward Yun Che’s neck.

However, during the instant that Yun Che turned around, his right fist also fiercely exploded out to meet Feng Guantyi’s fist in a straight trajectory.

“What! Has he gone insane! To actually go against Fen Guangyi head on!”

“If he had tried to protect himself with all of his profound energy, maybe he wouldn’t get too severe of an injury. But Feng Guangyi is at the later third level of the Nascent Profound Realm! He’s only at the first level of Nascent Profound Realm, yet he actually dares to go at him head on? He truly doesn’t know the differences between heaven and earth!”

As the people from the palace saw this scene, they all knew that Yun Che was finished. If their fists collide, getting his wrist dislocated would be considered as getting off light; for it may even be directly shattered. Not only did Feng Guangyi’s fist possess a strength that’s two ranks above Yun Che’s; it also carried the Stormy Profound Palace’s powerful Profound Art!

But, how could Yun Che possibly be this arrogant in his actions and speech without anything to back it up!

In the instant before both Feng Guangyi’s fist and his fist collided, a radiance suddenly flashed across his eyes. Inside his Profound Veins, amongst the Big Dipper shaped gates that had always been closed, the first one quietly opened….

Evil God’s Seven Realms —— First Realm: Evil Soul…. Open!





Chapter 70 – The Battle That Shook the City (7)


In the instant the first gate opened, Yun Che faintly heard a quiet muffled sound from his profound veins. Right after, the profound energy inside the profound veins all of a sudden, inflated. This inflation was not just a pure expansion; even the density dramatically surged up to an astonishing degree…. Volume and density skyrocketing up at the same time was a state that was completely against common sense, yet at this moment, the fact that this state was occurring inside Yun Che’s profound veins, was the impeccable truth.

And accompanying it, was the complete berserking of Yun Che’s profound energy!

Jasmine had told Yun Che before, the ability of “Evil God’s Secret Arts”, was precisely “Berserk”! The profound energy would become crazily berserk!

The ballistic profound energy flooded out from all Fifty Four Profound Veins, and instantly instilled into every corner of Yun Che’s body. A terrifying feeling that his profound veins and body would possibly explode came to him. However, it was only “almost exploding”; not anything that his profound veins and body can’t completely endure. Jasmine had said that the current him could barely activate the first realm “Evil Soul”, and as expected, it was somewhat strained!

Bang!!

Feng Guangyi and Yun Che’s fists solidly clashed together, and gave out a deafening dull sound of impact. This was a direct showdown of pure profound energy, without any sort of trickery!

Crack!!

The crisp sound of bones breaking reverberated; everyone heard it clearly, and none were surprised. Subsequently, a incomparably shrill scream of agony resounded…. Yet this scream, made everyone become as dumbfounded as wooden chickens….

Because the one shrieking miserably was actually not Yun Che, but…. Feng Guangyi!!

All four of his fingers except the thumb were shattered at the moment of the collision, and even his wrist was violently crunched backwards. However, Yun Che’s fists did not stop here; after blowing away Feng Guangyi’s fists, it continued onwards while carrying the berserking profound energy, and harshly pounded onto his chest.

Feng Guangyi’s protective profound energy was shattered in an instant, as if it were as frail and thin as glass; he felt as if his chest was viciously smashed by a enormous boulder of over fifteen tonnes. His entire body flew backwards like a falling leaf wrapped up in a fierce gale of wind, as his back violently crashed into the supporting pillar in the center of the Main Palace. After bouncing a few meters off the pillar, he laid on the ground in a twisted posture with eyes that bulged wide open. He was incapable of standing up until quite a while.

The Main Palace instantly became absolutely silent. Everyone present opened their mouths to an enormous length, as they simply could not dare to believe the scene before their eyes….

In a head on match of pure profound power, a first ranker of Nascent Profound Realm, had unexpectedly surpassed…. had completely won against a third ranker of Nascent Profound Realm! Let alone those young disciples, even the Elders that had experienced an innumerable amount of trials and hardships during their long lives, found it hard to believe.

Yun Che slowly lowered his arms; concentrating his spirit and calming his energy, he shut the gate that was briefly opened. Instantly, the sharp swelling pain that covered his entire body and profound veins vanished along with it, and a faint feeling of exhaustion appeared. He took a few steps forward; as he looking at Feng Guangyi whose gaze was full of shock, humiliation and bewilderment, he indifferently spoke: “I’m arrogant, because I have enough strength that allows me to be arrogant. However, you acting arrogant in front of me, is only asking to be disgraced. A dignified third ranker of Nascent Profound Realm, actually lost this miserably in a battle of pure profound strength against a first ranker of Nascent Profound Realm. Heh, do you know who’s the real joke now?”

“You….” Feng Guangyi clenched his teeth, and struggled to stand up; his right hand trembled under the extreme pain, and his face was ghastly white…. He knew clearly, that from the exchange just now, he had sustained internal injuries that were not light at all.

The Main Palace was still extremely quiet; the majority of the disciples of the seven sects were already thoroughly flabbergasted. Their sects had exchanged pointers often, so they were aware what kind of strength Feng Guangyi possessed. Especially his “Storm of Nine Forms”, which was enough to even force opponents two levels above him to become flustered. Yet, he had only used his “Storm of Nine Forms” to its second form, and had already been utterly smashed into a battered condition by Yun Che’s fist.

“Yun Che! You… Did you think you’ve really defeated me!” Feng Guangyi became furious from embarrassment, as his left hand tightly clenched: “Earlier, I was only careless and held back; or else, with only your first level of Nascent Profound Realm, how could you possibly be victorious against me!”

After finished speaking, he had already lifted his left hand and activated his profound art again, and circles of whirlwinds blew around his body. However, anyone could clearly see that the whirlwinds this time were nearly half as strong as before; it was evident that he had suffered some heavy injuries.

“Enough!” The Palace Chief of Stormy Profound Palace snorted coldly: “Guangyi, you’ve already lost. Hurry up and step down!”

Feng Guangyi’s left hand tightened even more, and said while clenching his teeth: “Palace Chief, this disciple didn’t lose! I was only careless and underestimated the opponent; my Storm of Nine forms had only gotten to the second form. If I had completely casted it….”

“Shut up!” Stormy Profound Palace’s Palace Chief had already became furious: “That contest of pure profound strength earlier, unless one is blind, it was obvious whether or not you held back! A third ranker of Nascent Profound Realm lost against a first ranker of Nascent Profound Realm; yet you’re still looking for excuses! Do you think you haven’t lost enough face for our Stormy Profound Palace!”

Feng Guangyi’s complexion suddenly darkened. He glared at Yun Che with eyes of hatred, and walked back with his head lowered.

Yun Che took out a low level Profound Recovering Pellet, swallowed it, and slowly recovered his profound energy. He then stood in the center of the Main Palace again; his eyes loftily swept toward the seven sect’s seatings as he aloofly said: “That’s already three. The next one… who will it be!?”

He stood there like an arrogant king as he emitted a king’s pride, and shouted out a kingly declaration.

Who’s next?

This was not only a prideful challenge, but also a taunt and slap to the face!! Because he, a disciple that had just joined the New Moon Profound Palace, actually had already consecutively defeated three disciples from their seven sects! Moreover, these three disciples were not just any common disciples; in the youth generation of New Moon City, they were famous, and were all publically recognized as geniuses! However, today, they had fallen under this Yun Che’s hands.

Not only that, their opponent was merely at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm!

Everyone’s gazes that looked at Yun Che all changed. His win against Xuan Yu, could be because of him relying on that bizarre profound movement skill and catching the opponent off-guard; his win against Yan Ming, seemed to be because of the opponent’s embarrassing beginner’s mistake. However, his win against Feng Guangyi…. Everyone had witnessed clearly, that it was a honest clash of profound strength without any fancy tricks; and it was a complete victory of his, without the slightest discount!!

In order to defeat a third ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm to that degree, it would at least require the profound strength of the fifth level, or even the sixth level of the Nascent Profound Realm! Yet a first ranker of Nascent Profound Realm, actually released such a terrifying profound strength; what kind of notion was this? The only explanation, was that he had always deliberately kept himself from breaking through, and kept his rank of profound strength at a very low level; thereby allowing his profound energy to incomparably thicken under cultivation. If it’s like this, even if his profound rank was only at the first level of Nascent Profound Realm, its power could perhaps even match those of the fifth, or even the sixth level of Nascent Profound Realm!

This was the only reasoning that anyone could think of!

In other words, this Yun Che…. at the age of sixteen, possessed the true strength of one at the fifth level of the Nascent Profound Realm or higher!!

As they thought about this, everyone was violently moved! This was a devil’s worth of innate talent and potential! This kind of innate talent, was the finest even within the seven major sects!

Lan Xueruo’s eyes were filled with wonder, as she couldn’t help but exclaim: “Junior Brother Xia, your brother-in-law was actually this formidable! Is he really the same as you, who came from that Floating Cloud City in the east?”

Although her innate talent was excellent, if she was at the same age as Yun Che, it was absolutely impossible for her to reach that sort of level.

“This…. this…. ah…. Mn….”

Compared to Lan Xueruo, Xia Yuanba was shocked to the point that he even forgot about the pain from his injuries. He knew Yun Che from the base of his root; as he looked at the current Yun Che show off such power, both of his big eyes had almost bulged out from staring too hard. He didn’t know how many times he had already chanted in his heart “Brother-in-law was actually this amazing…. Brother-in-law was actually this amazing…. Brother-in-law was actually this amazing….”.

The New Moon Profound Palace elders, who had their heart gripped, who were worried in various ways, now smiled with joy one after another, as their eyes glinted with an odd light. To win against Feng Guangyi; what Yun Che displayed was definitely an overwhelming strength, without any kind of opportunistic tricks involved! He consecutively defeated three genius disciples that were famous throughout the entire city, deflated the pride of the seven sects, and made New Moon Profound Palace stand tall with pride. The most crucial point was that this time, such a talented disciple with powerful strength had actually emerged from New Moon Profound Palace; with Yun Che’s current strength and potential that he had displayed, he may even reach the Sky Profound Realm in the future! If that day really came to existence, then at that time, the entirety of New Moon Profound Palace would bask in glory because of him.

“Elder Sikong, is he really our Profound Department’s new recruit?” Asked two elders who sat beside Sikong Han, almost at the same time. Although Yun Che had the New Moon Profound Palace’s insignia on his person, and even proclaimed himself as a New Moon Profound Palace disciple, even up to this moment, they still could not dare believe that this youth, who possessed such an astonishing innate talent would actually enter their New Moon Profound Palace.

Sikong Han slowly nodded. With a face that couldn’t stop the upcoming laughter, he used his fingers to twirl the beard beneath his chin as he proudly spoke: “Right! He is the grandson of my longtime friend. He heard that I was here, so he came here to seek shelter. Heheheheh.”

“Aiya! This time, Elder Sikong has recruited a genuine genius!” The two Elders exclaimed in succession.

The insides of the New Moon Profound Palace disciples’ hearts were already seething with passion; as they watched Yun Che defeat three people consecutively and still continued his haughty taunting, for them, who had always been oppressed, bullied, and mocked by the seven sects, the excitement and satisfaction they felt in their hearts were indescribable. Yun Che’s name and his figure at this time, were also deeply engraved inside their hearts. This little junior brother that had just joined the palace, allowed them to raise their heads up in front of the seven sects for the first time.

When confronted with Yun Che’s challenge this time, no one who belonged in one of the seven sects jumped out.

Amongst the disciples that the seven sects had brought with them this time, excluding the extremely abnormal Xiao Luocheng, the strongest in the sixteen year old age group would be at the pinnacle of the third level of the Nascent Profound Realm, which was around Feng Guangyi’s current level. Yet Feng Guangyi faced a disastrous defeat under Yun Che’s hands in not even three moves; it would be difficult to expect a different result if someone with a similar strength went up. To be defeated by a New Moon Profound Palace’s disciple of the same age; as disciples of the seven sects, how extreme of a humiliation was this? If word got out, it was not known how many people would mock them for it. No one would want to touch this kind of trouble.

As for those who were older, they were even more unwilling to get on stage. Winning, would be considered to be taking advantage of the weak; not only would it not be glorious, they would instead, be ridiculed by others. Losing…. now that would just be extremely ugly.

As for Xiao Luocheng, although he was also sixteen, everyone subconsciously didn’t take him into consideration. As the young sect master of Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect, he had stepped into the tenth level of Nascent Profound Realm at the mere age of sixteen; famous for being number one of the younger generation in this two hundred and fifty square kilometers of New Moon City, his halo was unrivaled. Although the strength and talent that Yun Che displayed was extremely astonishing, no one would compare him with Xiao Luocheng, for that would simply be an insult to Xiao Luocheng.

Xiao Luocheng calmly sat in place as his long slender fingers lightly traced around the edge of his wine cup. The corner of his mouth had a trace of an indiscernible indifferent smile, as if he had absolutely no interest in the events that were currently taking place within the Palace hall.





Chapter 71 – The Battle That Shook the City (8)


Over ten breaths of time had passed since Yun Che issued the challenge, but no one from the seven sects gave a response; it was incomparably embarrassing. Yun Che’s gaze gradually became more mocking. At this moment, a youngster from the Burning Heaven Clan’s Outer Sect was unable to hold back, and stood up, but was then pulled back by the person next to him, who whispered: “What are you doing? There’s not much difference in strength between you and Feng Guangyi. Are you trying to lose face for our Heaven Burning Clan?”

“Damn, that kid is too arrogant!” The youngster clenched his teeth: “If young clan master Zi Luan was here right now, he’d beat him to the point that even his own mother wouldn’t recognize him.”

The Zi Luan he was talking about was their Heaven Burning Clan Outer Sect Master’s son, a genius of the younger generation. Even though he cannot be compared to Xiao Luocheng, at the age of sixteen, he was already seventh level of the Nascent Profound Realm, and was a step away from the eighth level of the Nascent Profound Realm. Amongst the younger generation within New Moon City, he was second only to Xiao Luocheng.

At this moment, a resolute looking youngster from the Iron Spear Clan slowly walked out. He was about the same age as Yun Che, yet he did not give off a bit of immaturity, and instead possessed a composure that was inconsistent with his age. He stood in front of Yun Che, slightly nodded and calmly stated: “Iron Spear Clan’s Tie Hengjun, seventeen years old this year. I’m not eligible to challenge you. But watching you defeat one foe after another with such a haughty and regal demeanor, there’s admiration in my heart; therefore, I’d like to exchange pointers with you……It’s just because I admire you, there are no other intentions. If you feel I am too old and is not eligible to spar with you, you can refuse and I will definitely not pursue any further.”

“Whoa! That’s the Iron Spear Clan’s young clan master! It’s actually him that has stepped up this time!”

“I heard three months ago he was already at the fourth rank of Nascent Profound Realm! Also, his ability with the spear had already reached perfection! It wouldn’t be difficult at all for him to defeat someone who’s one or two ranks higher.”

Once Tie Hengjun stepped out, apart from Yun Che, there was not a single disciple or elder present who did not recognize him. As the Iron Spear Clan’s young clan master, his reputation, influence, or even his position in New Moon City was not inferior to the Governor’s. And there was no need to doubt his strength either; a seventeen years old at the fourth level of the Nascent Profound Realm was considered top-tier in the seven major sects. Although not considered the finest, Iron Spear Clan’s emphasis was not in Profound Strength, but in the study of the spear! Their Profound Strength may be ranked lowest amongst the seven major sects, but with their combined True Strength, they ranked in the middle.

“For Tie Hengjun to actually come out; it should be a piece of cake for him to defeat Yun Che. But he’s already seventeen years old, so his victory would be natural and expected. This doesn’t vent my anger at all.” A disciple of Profound Heart Sect stated.

“It really is a bit unfair. Although if he ends up cutting off his arms and legs or what not, hehe, that’s not bad either. I really can’t stand that Yun Che’s arrogant face any longer.” Another person said with hatred.

People from New Moon Profound Palace also thought that maybe Tie Hengjun was only using this “exchange of pointers” as an excuse to injure Yun Che, so he would be unable to continue challenging others. After all, with his strength of being the Iron Spear Clan’s young clan master and a fourth ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm, he could certainly accomplish this. At this moment, a few New Moon Profound Palace seventeen years old disciples tensely grasped both hands, eager to use the age range as an excuse to go up and defeat Tie Hengjun; but after remembering who Tie Hengjun was, and his strength, in the end, none of these seventeen years old disciples dared to step up.

From Tie Hengjun’s face and eyes, Yun Che could see his eagerness and sincerity, and no other ulterior motives. His heart was slightly startled as he realized not all the disciples of the seven major sects were arrogant trash. This Tie Hengjun was young in years, but was already this steadfast, his entire body had a seldomly seen air of righteousness. he was also proud, but his proudness was an unyielding character a man should have, and was not a wild arrogance.

Yun Che’s earlier performance made admiration surface in his heart; at the same time, it made his heart itch, and he genuinely wanted to exchange pointers with Yun Che.

At once, Yun Che smiled slightly and said: “Brother Tie, what are you saying, you’re the young master of Iron Spear Clan. For you to challenge this nobody in front of all these people, you’re already thinking too highly of me. I would be extremely honored to have a match with Brother Tie. So, let us begin.”

With that, Yun Che took half a step back and raised his right arm.

Tie Hengjun stared blankly. Never would he have expected that Yun Che, who was clearly arrogant without bounds until now, would actually treat him in this way. His heart immediately warmed as he also revealed a slight smile on his face: “Since it’s like this, Younger Brother Yun and I shall have a proper exchange of pointers! Younger Brother Yun, you’ve already fought three consecutive rounds, so it’s inevitable that your Profound Energy has been spent to an extent; although winning or losing doesn’t matter in an exchange of pointers, if we were to start right away, it wouldn’t be fair for you. How about……”

“No need.” Yun Che shook his head and smiled: “I am grateful for Brother Tie’s consideration, but you can be at ease. Even though I fought in three consecutive rounds, all three were finished in the blink of an eye, I had barely used up any of my Profound Energy; therefore, there’s no need for me to rest. For my spar with Brother Tie, I will naturally have to give it my best.”

Tie Hengjun did not persist and nodded as he reached out to touch his spatial ring. A silver spear as long as his height appeared in his hand; he pointed it downward at an angle: “This spear is called ‘Piercing Cloud’, a True Profound Tool and a heirloom. I consider this precious spear as a part of my own life and it has never left my side. I’ll be using Piercing Cloud for this exchange with Younger Brother Yun. Younger Brother Yun, show your weapon.”

Yun Che slightly shook his head: “There’s no need, I’ll be using my hands to spar with Brother Tie.”

Tie Hengjun was taken aback for a moment, then nodded: “As expected, Younger Brother Yun is haughty. Since it’s this way…”

“Don’t misunderstand, Brother Tie.” Yun Che immediately said: “It’s not that I don’t think Brother Tie isn’t worthy of me using a weapon, but rather that I’ve never used weapons before; the only weapons I’ve ever used are my hands. If I were to use one now, it would just bind me and I wouldn’t know what to do with it.”

Yun Che’s heart had always believed in this: If someone showed him a bit of respect, he would return the respect ten fold. If someone wronged him by an inch, he would pay it back with a smack of a stick. If someone wrongs him dearly, he will immediately torture them to death; this was Yun Che’s nature. Tie Hengjun was genuinely respectful towards him, so it was only natural for him to show Tie Hengjun courtesy and due respect.

Tie Hengjun seriously looked at Yun Che, then let out a hearty laugh: “Hahahaha, great! So Younger Brother Yun Che isn’t one of those arrogant and haughty people after all. Looks like I’ll get to enjoy this exchange to my heart’s content. Then, Younger Brother Yun should take care, my Piercing Cloud spear has never lost to one who’s younger than me!”

“Brother Tie will also need to take care!” Yun Che slowly extended his hand, and Evil God’s Secret Arts First Realm —— Evil Soul, immediately opened! Facing Tie Hengjun, who was far better than Feng Guangyi and Yan Ming, it was necessary for him to sustain this state of “Evil Soul” or he would definitely not have a chance at defeating him. At the same time, this was a kind of respect for Tie Hengjun .

“In that case, receive this spear!!”

Tie Hengjun roared as his entire body released profound energy, Piercing Cloud fiercely shot out towards Yun Che. His movement did not appear to be fast, but the spear point seemed to be like lightning striking out of a cloud; it carried an immense might and appeared in front of Yun Che in an instant. Even the surrounding air was split apart, and created a flash of ripples.

Yun Che’s pupils slightly contracted as he quickly retreated backwards, leaned to one side, and barely dodged the attack. Just as he was about to counterattack, a dangerous gust of wind suddenly came from his left……

Generally speaking, the more power a spear strike possessed, the slower the speed of retracting the spear, and its openings would become bigger; however, as Tie Hengjun’s Piercing Cloud struck the air, it suddenly swept across in a flash, and greatly surprised Yun Che. He withdrew his hands as quick as lightning; he then folded his wrists to support his waist, and forcibly blocked it.

BANG! !

As his wrists blocked the body of the spear, a violent shock came from the spear, which caused him to take three consecutive steps back, and almost ruptured the Profound Energy protecting his body.

“Great spear power! Great spear technique!” Yun Che couldn’t help but exclaim. Even though Tie Hengjun’s was still young, his ability to handle a spear, definitely, could already be considered master class.

“Flood Dragon Breaking Clouds!”

Tie Hengjun’s Piercing Cloud swept across once again as the afterimages of the spear danced about, and forced Yun Che to back off far away. The spear was the most oppressive amongst hundreds of the weapons; its domineering force and power could not be compared with any other type of weapon. It was the most difficult to master, but once mastered, not to mention an enemy’s counterattack, one would not even be able to get close.

“Flood Dragon Scouts The Abyss!”

“Flaming Meteor!”

“Roaring Azure Sea!”

…………

Tie Hengjun roared every time he struck out with his spear. In a short time, everyone’s eyes were filled with the afterimages of his spear; its tyrannical strikes forced Yun Che back step by step.

“Sweeping Through A Thousand!”

Tie Hengjun leaped fifteen meters as his Piercing Cloud swept across the air to attack Yun Che; even from fifteen meters away, the dominating force had already almost made Yun Che incapable of opening his eyes. Under Tie Hengjun’s dozen or so spear strikes, Yun Che had already been forced to the edge of the hall. Since Yun Che was unable to dodge it this time, he howled as he faced upwards, and unyieldingly struck out against Tie Hengjun’s Piercing Cloud with his arm.

“AH!” New Moon Profound Palace disciples cried out in shock.

Yun Che’s profound strength could thwart an opponent of Nascent Profound Realm of the third rank; however, Tie Hengjun’s spear not only contained pure Profound Strength, but it also had an overbearing might of the spear! How could one forcefully try to block the highest level of a spear’s attack with bare arms.

However, as Tie Hengjun’s spear and Yun Che’s arms collided, the sound of collision wasn’t very loud. In the split second that they met, Yun Che’s arm offsetted diagonally; he borrowed Piercing Cloud’s force to completely change its trajectory, and at the same time, thoroughly negate the spear’s force. Then, he quickly attacked, to directly strike at Tie Hengjun’s chest.

Tie Hengjun quickly retracted the spear, but was unable to regain his posture in time, and was easily blown away by Yun Che. However, he did not panic in the slightest and roared as Piercing Cloud’s magnificent silver shadow flashed again; it no longer had an overbearing force, but rather, it struck upwards from an unconventional angle towards Yun Che’s throat, as if it was an intelligent silver snake.

Yun Che’s breath paused as he bursted backwards using Star God’s Broken Shadow to dodge and heavily smash down onto the spear at the same time; which then forced Tie Hengjun to take several steps back.

Separated at a distance, Tie Hengjun and Yun Che did not immediately clash again. The entire palace once again, fell into an absolute silence.

Even though only a dozen or so moves had been executed in this brief moment, Tie Hengjun’s usage of the spear that was at times like a violent storm and at times like an intelligent snake, coupled with his astonishing control of his spear, were all extremely amazing; to think that this kind of skill of the spear, was actually accomplished by a mere seventeen year old youngster. The disciples of the same age and rank were all shocked without exception. They had to admit that even though they may be of the same rank as Tie Hengjun, there were by no means, his match.

Even Tie Hengjun’s father, Tie Zhancang, continuously nodded in silence with a smile of satisfaction.

And most shocking of all, when faced with the power and technique of the spear, in addition to the difference of three ranks in Profound Strength, Yun Che unexpectedly didn’t even suffer a single injury even after more than ten moves! Moreover, he was almost evenly matched with Tie Hengjun! Everyone was shocked to the point of not being able to move; some even had their mouth wide open, and couldn’t close them back for a long time.

“Looks like exchanging pointers with Younger Brother Yun, was a choice that could not be more right.” Tie Hengjun swung Piercing Cloud with a look of excitement on his steadfast face.

“Same here, same here.” Yun Che faintly smiled and then, his tone also carried a subtle warning: “Then, Brother Tie, about what’s coming next, you’ll need to be careful!”

Tie Hengjun’s spear technique was practically invulnerable, it was difficult to find an opening in it. Since it was so, the best method to defeat him in the shortest amount of time was to use an overwhelming force to forcibly break through his spear wielding posture.

Yun Che narrowed his eyes slightly. Under the “Evil Soul” state, the berserking profound energy from his Profound Veins entered his arms without reservation.





Chapter 72 – The Battle That Shook the City (9)


“Haha, good! To be honest, I suddenly kind of wish that Brother Yun will defeat me. Having said that, I definitely won’t hold back!”

As Tie Hengjun let out a loud laugh, his gaze had already regained its former chill. He swung his silver spear across and roared: “Receive this spear of mine…. Dragon of the Rising Sun!!

An enormous wave of pressure gathered upon the spear. As the Piercing Cloud Spear danced, the people inside the palace actually heard the faint cries of a dragon, as astonishment emerged on their faces, one after another. And at this time, the Piercing Cloud Spear had also horizontally swept toward Yun Che… This move could either thrust or sweep; thrusting would pierce anything, and sweeping could sway thousands. Since Tie Hengjun chose to sweep, it clearly showed his understanding of this spear’s power; if he had chosen to thrust, Yun Che may be gravely injured if he was unable to dodge under the oppression of the spear’s imposing aura; but with a sweep, not only would it be easier to hit Yun Che, but it was also unlikely to cause any irreparable damage.

As the silver spear fell, it carried an astonishing momentum like that of a seismic tsunami in the turbulent times of a raging storm. This shock caused by this spear, definitely surpassed any single one of Tie Hengjun’s earlier moves.

However, what shocked Tie Hengjun as well as everyone else, was that when faced with this frightening force, Yun Che didn’t choose to dodge using his bizarre movement profound skill at all; but instead stood in place and raised his right arm to welcome the Piercing Cloud spear that horizontally swept in his direction.

“Fuck! Is he crazy!!” A large number of disciples in the palace straight up exclaimed out loud.

“Dodge it quickly!!” Roared all four of the New Moon Palace’s Elders. As strong masters that far surpassed these juniors, they could obviously see how alarming of a power was behind this spear of Tie Hengjun.

However, Yun Che didn’t listen at all; instead, his arm sped up and violently collided onto the Piercing Cloud Spear that carried such an immense power.

CLANG!!

Inside the Main Palace, the ear-piercing sound of colliding metal sounded.

The moment Yun Che’s arm smashed onto the Piercing Cloud Spear, Tie Hengjun had thought that this one spear would be able to sweep him flying for a few dozen meters. However, in that instant, his pupils suddenly contracted to the size of a needle; because, he felt as if his Piercing Cloud spear had swept into an indestructible and impeccably thick steel plate, as a massive wave of shock traveled back from the spear…

Tie Hengjun suddenly felt nauseous inside his chest. He flew backwards with a single backflip and was only able to barely come to a stop after retreating another five or six steps back. His arms that held the spear also became slightly numb. If not for his control with the spear that had already been embedded all the way into his bone marrows, the counter shockwave from earlier would’ve been enough to disarm the silver spear from his hands.

Yet Yun Che, only took two or three steps back, to then already be firmly standing in place. He shook his arms that were also somewhat numb, and faintly smiled.

“Wh… What!!” Tie Hengjun’s father, Iron Spear Clan’s Clan Master, Tie Zhancang, abruptly stood up. One of the seven major sect’s Clan Masters, that could shake New Moon City, was actually shocked enough by this scene to lose his composure! As Clan Master of the Iron Spear Clan, he knew how frighteningly powerful the move “Dragon of the Rising Sun” was better, than anyone. Even for opponents three ranks above Tie Hengjun in profound strength, they would not necessarily be able to receive it head on.

Yet Yun Che, a mere first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm, actually…. Actually!!!!

Since Tie Zhancang was already like this, there was even less of a point to mention anyone else; Iron Spear Clan’s disciple’s jaws were almost shocked open to the point of touching the floor, and the eyeballs of New Moon Profound Palace’s four Elders were also about to burst out of their sockets. In this short period of time, Yun Che had already given them one shock after another; and this time, they were almost shaken up to the point of losing their integrity, just so they could yell out on the spot.

After defending against this spear, Yun Che’s expression became even more calm; because he knew that this battle would definitely still end in his victory. Although “Evil Soul” was only the first and the weakest realm of the Evil God’s Secret Arts, the extent of its terrifying power still far surpassed his expectations. He looked at the Tie Hengjun who had a dumbfounded expression, and spoke while smiling: “Brother Tie, it’s my turn to attack now!”

Yun Che took a step forward, and closed in on Tie Hengjun’s body in a blink of an eye, like a roving dragon. Tie Hengjun’s state of mind was as expected; it was incomparable to peers of the same age, for he immediately recovered from his bewilderment. The Piercing Cloud Spear was raised up like lightning, and swept toward Yun Che who was already near.

CLANG!!

As the Piercing Cloud Spear slammed into Yun Che’s right fist, the noise of metal colliding resounded again. Tie Hengjun’s body leaned backwards, his hand numbed and almost dropped his spear. He was even surprised in his heart…. His profound strength of the Nascent Profound Realm’s fourth level, coupled with the power of the spear, was actually so easily blocked by a single fist; how could this strength possibly belong to a first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm!

Under the astonishment, Tie Hengjun fiercely breathed in and unreservedly released the profound energy inside his entire body. His control over the spear was displayed to his limit; Piercing Cloud Spear swung out afterimages that covered the sky, and caged Yun Che’s entire body within them.

Clang!

Clang!

Clang!

Clang….

Clang!

The Cloud Piercing Spear continued to collide a dozen more times with Yun Che’s fists, as it emitted the incredibly intense sounds of vibrating metal. At the final collision, Yun Che’s gaze became solemn; both of his fists simultaneously shot out, and directly smashed into the Cloud Piercing Spear.

CLANG!!!!

“Ugh!”

Tie Hengjun let out a smothered groan and staggeringly retreated as if he was under the assault of an irresistible storm. Only after retreating more than dozen of steps did he finally finally come to a standstill; both his hands, which held onto the Cloud Piercing Spear, trembled again and again.

Yun Che lowered both hands and calmly looked in his direction, but did not continue to further attack.

Tie Hengjun let out a long sigh of relief, as he withdrew the Cloud Piercing Spear back into his Spatial Ring. After straightening his body, he revealed a grateful smile toward Yun Che and spoke: “Brother Yun, I lost, and I am sincerely convinced about my loss.”

Others wouldn’t be able know, but Tie Hengjun had clearly understood that the last collision was completely over of his tolerance range; it was enough to knock the Piercing Cloud Spear directly out of his hands. However, right before his Cloud Piercing Spear was about to leave his hands, the overbearing profound energy suddenly withdrew… Since the Iron Spear Clan even used “Spear” for its name, one could obviously see how importantly they view the spear. Before the battle, Tie Hengjun had also mentioned to Yun Che that the Piercing Cloud Spear was his partner; it was seen to be as important as his own life, and had never left his side. For these type of people, to be disarmed of their weapons, was a tremendous humiliation that would be even harder to accept than death.

“If it’s possible, I truly wish to become friends with Brother Yun.” Tie Hengjun said.

“With those words of yours, we’re already friends.” Yun Che said while smiling.

Tie Hengjun was stumped for words. Then, he cupped a fist at Yun Che as he smiled sincerely, and casually walked down.

“Father, I lost; sincerely lost and conceded, yet also lost very happily.” Tie Hengjun calmly stated as he arrived next to his father, Tie Zhancang’s side.

“What a splendid exchange of pointers.” Tie Zhancang sincerely exclaimed: “Your improvement made me both amazed and gratified. Although you lost, it’s definitely not because you are weak; instead, your progress has already surpassed my expectations. However, this child named Yun Che….” He glanced at Yun Che with a profound gaze: “This child, will certainly become a true dragon amongst the clouds in the future. But this time, he provoked almost all of the New Moon City’s great sects at once; even knowing what kind of calamity may befall him, are you still willing to become his friend?”

Tie Hengjun didn’t even think about it, and immediately nodded.

“Good! Now that’s a real man, that’s truly the son of I, Tie Zhancang.” Tie Zhangcang gleefully laughed.

Roars of clamor bursted within the Main Palace.

“He actually prevailed over that Tie Hengjun! My heavens! Am I actually dreaming about this?

“Is he really in the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm? Sss~~~ How could this be possible! Too frightening…. too frightening!”

Tie Hengjun was a genius worthy of his title…. but this Yun Che, was simply just a monster!!

For the seven sect’s Sect Masters and Elders, it was difficult for their attention to not fall onto Yun Che’s body at this time. The New Moon Profound Palace that they had always looked down upon, unexpectedly brought out this kind of character. Defeating Profound Heart Sect’s Xuan Yu, Cloudy Sun Sect’s Yan Ming, Stormy Profound Palace’s Feng Guangyi, and even Iron Spear Clan’s Young Clan Master Tie Hengjun, with only a profound strength of the first level Nascent Profound Realm…. If one didn’t see it happen in person, they would never believe it!

Their former plan of playing rough with the newly appointed Palace Chief was thoroughly disrupted by Yun Che, and instead turned into his one-man show. In turn, it also allowed New Moon Profound Palace to completely show off in their presence, and even slapped them a few times in the face.

“Brother-in-law…. is that really my brother-in-law?” Xia Yuanba opened his eyes wide as he watched the awe-inspiring figure that attracted everyone’s gaze in the center of the Main Palace. He was unable to connect that figure with the crippled Yun Che, who had to suffer from all kinds of ridicule and contempt, who also needed his protection, together.

Every one of the New Moon Profound Palace’s male disciples tightly gripped their fists, as their eyes shined with excitement, since they didn’t know how to express their current feelings. And the eyes of the female disciples who looked at Yun Che were already filled with stars. Especially Ye Hongling, who had spoke with Yun Che before; when thinking about how she actually told Yun Che “if you have any problems, Senior Sister will help you” before, she couldn’t help it but blush out of embarrassment…. At just how overreaching those big words were.

Of course, among them, were also people who were envious with jealous hate; such as…. Murong Ye.

As the surrounding disciples cheered on Yun Che in their hearts, he had continuously snorted and had an extremely unpleasant feeling in his heart. It was because this time, Yun Che had bathed inside the limelight for far too long, and even allowed all disciples of New Moon Profound Palace to boldly stand tall; one could imagine how high of a popularity Yun Che would have in New Moon Profound Palace from now on…. It may even far surpass him, who had always been the most popular inside the New Moon Profound Palace.

When he looked at Lan Xueruo, he discovered that she was staring unblinkingly at Yun Che with an abnormal luster in her eyes; one that she had never revealed to him. Instantly, the fire of jealousy crazily exploded inside his heart, as his teeth also tightly clenched together… You’re just a feral brat at the first level of Nascent Profound Realm who came from a remote little city! You have stolen the show enough; after today, I’ll make you understand who’s the real boss of New Moon Profound Palace!

“Counting Brother Tie, that makes four…. Who shall be next?”

Yun Che stood in the middle of the Main Palace, and faced the seven sects as he once again, issued his challenge.

Defeating a Feng Guangyi, had already frightened the sixteen year old age group enough that no one would dare to accept the challenge; now he had also defeated Tie Hengjun, the sixteen year olds even more so, did not dare to make a sound. Even after almost half a minute, no one from the seven sects had answered the challenge. And at this time, a voice full of disdain resounded: “In the sixteen year old category, neither the number nor quality of the disciples we have brought are good. For the sixteen year old age group, this will count as our loss. Hehe, do you dare to allow your Profound Palace’s seventeen and eighteen year old disciples to come up and exchange pointers with us?”

As these words rang out, it immediately received positive responses from the seven sects. However, Yun Che made a cold laugh: “Want to challenge our New Moon Profound Palace disciples who are above sixteen years old? That’s fine; however, you should at least defeat me, who is only sixteen, right? How else would you have the qualifications to challenge my Senior Brothers and Sisters… Heh, this brother that spoke up, you seemed to be around eighteen or nineteen? How about you challenge me, a sixteen year old New Moon Profound Palace disciple? If you win against me, you can challenge any of my Senior Brothers and Sisters as you wish. However, if you can’t even defeat a sixteen year old like me, heh…”

The crowd looked in the direction of the person who spoke up. As he lifted his head, everyone’s gaze suddenly straightened. The disciples who were about to instantly shout, all became quiet, and even the Elders of New Moon Profound Palace exhibited alarm in their eyes.

This person…. This person is….

This eighteen or nineteen year old had a slightly pale face. He glanced apathetically at Yun Che with his indifferent gaze that was like a pool of dead water, and laughed with contempt as if he had heard some vulgar and uninteresting joke: “You’re saying that… You want to challenge me?”





Chapter 73 – Clashing with Lu Zhannan


“No, you’re the one that’s challenging me.”

This person’s expression and eyes all revealed extreme disdain. Confronted with such an expression and attitude, Yun Che’s eyebrows slightly raised as his eyebrows, as his gaze also became dangerous.

The fact of who challenged whom, were naturally two different concepts. Only the weak was supposed to challenge the strong; if one lost, it was just a defeat, but if one wins, then they would replace the strong. But for the strong against the weak, instead of calling that a challenge, it would just be taking an unfair advantage over another.

With just a few words, they were already tit for tat. The atmosphere in the main hall quietly changed.

“Heh-heh heh-heh.” The person laughed indifferently and with a strange movement, while only taking a few steps, he easily moved a distance of a few dozen meters and appeared in front of Yun Che. The space between his narrowed eyes transmitted a cold light of indifference: “In that case, I’ll do as you’ve said. I’ve already thwarted countless geniuses, and it looks like I’ll have to add one more today.”

“Lu…… Lu Zhannan! !” When he appeared in the middle of the Main Palace, many disciples immediately shouted out his name.

“That person…… isn’t he Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion’s Cold-Blooded Lu ?”

“That’s right! That’s definitely him! Yun Che wants to have a match with him? Th-th-this…… their strengths aren’t even on the same level! Furthermore, that “Cold-Blooded Lu” nickname isn’t just a sham! To have a match with him…… does Yun Che not care about his life anymore!?”

The Palace was immediately filled with chaotic whisperings; because for the two standing in the center of the palace right now, no one had ever expected them to fight against each other. It was because they were on two completely different planes of existence…. Yun Che was sixteen, but Lu Zhannan was already eighteen! After the age of thirty, a few years of difference in age wouldn’t be a problem at all; because at that age, the profound power’s accumulation would already become minor, and the key factor was innate talent. If one had enough innate talent, they would be able to breakthrough the True Profound Realm or Spirit Profound Realm. If one didn’t have the talent, they may get stuck at the True Profound Realm bottleneck for life, and never breakthrough.

However, the period before twenty years of age, was exactly the critical period for the accumulation of profound strength. Not to mention one year of difference in age, even half a year’s difference would mean a large disparity in profound strength. For example, although sixteen year olds at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm were considered fine talents in New Moon City, they were still a dime a dozen; however, for fifteen year olds at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, they would be considered a top-notch genius and less than five people could be found in the entire New Moon City. Before twenty, it would definitely not be an exaggeration to say that one year of age was a difference between heaven and earth.

Therefore, the matches between people who had not yet reached the age of twenty, were generally held between those of the same age; it would be extremely unfair otherwise.

Yun Che and this Lu Zhannan had a full two years of difference in age! In addition, Lu Zhannan’s profound strength was also as high as the seventh level of Nascent Profound Realm! No matter the age or profound strength, they were considered to be people from two different realms! The fight between these two, simply could not be referred to as a “match”; it could only be considered to be a complete one-sided domination!

Because of the age gap, no matter how thick the skin on Lu Zhannan’s face was, it would be impossible for him take the initiative and enter the stage. However in this case, Yun Che was clearly the one actively challenging Lu Zhannan, which made it a entirely different notion; if Lu Zhanan were to not accept the challenge, wouldn’t it mean that he was scared of Yun Che!

From everyone’s viewpoint…. Yun Che’s victory against Xuan Yu, Yan Ming, and Feng Guangyi was already very impressive. Winning against Tie Hengjun was not just impressive, but also made him an abnormality; But to challenge the eighteen year old Lu Zhannan who was at the seventh rank of the Nascent Profound Realm…. That fucker’s completely getting ahead of himself, and is just asking to be abused!

First ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm verses a seventh ranker of Nascent Profound Realm; that was a difference of more than half a Profound Realm! This was a enormous disparity that almost couldn’t be compensated by any means; how could it be fought?

Disciples from the seven sect’s side gloated one after another. To actively challenge Lu Zhannan? That’s simply courting death! Lu Zhannan’s nickname was “Cold-blooded Lu” because his heart was cold and ruthless; anytime he fought, there was bound to be bloodshed. Yun Che losing while fighting him would actually be secondary; and having a mere arm or hand chopped off could even be considered as getting off light.

All the Elders of New Moon Profound Palace were already shocked to the point of turning pale. They were fully aware of this Lu Zhannan’s character. If Yun Che fought with him, there’s an extremely high chance that he would be crippled by Lu Zhannan, and New Moon Profound Palace would inevitably lose an one in a century genius because of this. Si Konghan quickly gave Lan Xueruo a meaningful glance; but before he even spoke up, Lan Xueruo had already stood up in advance, took quick steps to Yun Che’s front to block him, and spoke: “Junior Brother Yun, leave this battle to me. He is two years older than you, it’s simply not suitable for you two to exchange pointers.”

Yun Che however, shook his head and said with a face full of confidence: “There’s no need. Against this kind of rubbish, there’s no need for Senior Sister to fight yet. Although I’m two years younger than him, that’s still completely enough.”

At first, when Lan Xueruo stepped onto the stage, disciples from the seven sects were all shouting ‘it’s too bad’ in their minds; if Yun Che had just left while going with the flow, no one would be able to object. Lan Xueruo was eighteen, so it was ideal for her to battle against Lu Zhannan. But unexpectedly, this Yun Che was stubborn, and actually persisted to want to fight against Lu Zhannan. This made quite a few of the seven sects’ disciples, immediately spurt out in laughter.

Lan Xueruo froze for a bit, and then anxiously said: “Junior Brother Yun! Don’t act on impulse; this person possesses a profound strength at the seventh level of Nascent Profound Realm and has a cruel mind; it’s fundamentally not something that you can deal with. You had better leave this to me.”

However, Yun Che still shook his head, and instead revealed a faint smile on his face: “I thank Senior Sister for the concern, but Senior Sister does not need to worry. Since I’ve already become a disciple of New Moon Profound Palace, I definitely won’t lose New Moon Profound Palace’s face.”

Yun Che’s smile carried a kind of inexplicable charisma. Since he was so persistent, Lan Xueruo couldn’t voice any more objections either; she could only deeply sigh in her heart, and exhorted while looking at Yun Che with a complicated gaze: “You wouldn’t lose face for New Moon Profound Palace even if you lost this match. So, no matter what, you have to protect yourself well… This person’s nickname is “Cold-Blooded”; it’s possible for him to kill even under the Profound Palace Chief’s nose, so you must be careful! If it comes down to it, it’s not shameful even if you resign!”

Yun Che lightly nodded at Lan Xueruo. Lan Xueruo took two steps back, and reluctantly retreated back into the seatings. However, the entirety of Xia Yuanba’s heart hung on a string; even though only six months had passed since he entered New Moon City, he still had heard of the name Cold-Blooded Lu.

“I really appreciate your completely undisguised insolent and arrogant personality.” Lu Zhannan spoke indifferently with a deep and cold voice: “But what a pity, your insolence is too overreaching. These kind of people, usually die early.”

“No need for anymore nonsense, just state your name.” Yun Che expressionlessly spoke.

“Name?” Lu Zhannan slightly raised his head; his long and narrow eyes were filled with ice-cold contempt and ridicule: “You’re… not even worthy of knowing.”

“Alright, I take that back.” Yun Che curled his lips: “I already don’t have the slightest interest in your name anymore, because you’re only one of the most mundane stepping stones in the road of my life. For a stepping stone, I certainly have no interest in its name.”

“Hehe, this may be the last self confident words you can say in this lifetime.” Lu Zhanan loftily smiled. He felt that this insolent youngster before his eyes, was not only arrogant without bounds, but was also conceited and foolish to the extreme.

“Looks like, this Yun Che brat can already be considered crippled. I can feel that this Lu Zhannan had already become belligerent.” The middle aged man of the Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect spoke while shaking his head.

“Lu Zhannan was already ruthless in the first place. In addition to being provoked by him in many ways, how could he possibly not be merciless.” Xiao Luocheng shook his head with a faint smile, and said with a low voice: “After seeing him win against Tie Hengjun, I had originally wanted go up and squash him down; to make him know what a real genius is. But looking at it now, it seems like I won’t be needed anymore.”

The middle aged man hastily spoke up: “What kind of strength and status does Young Sect Master have! How could that insolent brat possibly be worthy for Young Sect Master to personally dispose of.”

Xiao Luocheng faintly smiled, and no longer spoke.

“I’ll have to say, your insolence has successfully given me a strong desire to destroy you. Properly enjoy the last few seconds of your intact body, heh…” As Lu Zhannan’s right hand touched his left, a longsword of almost four feet long was already gripped in his hand. The corner of his mouth formed a vicious grin. From a standstill, his body suddenly bursted into a line of black phantoms in the center of the palace; in an instant, he closed the distance to be within three steps of Yun Che under a whistling similar to that of a violent storm.

“Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion’s Movement Profound Skill…. Tempest Style Drifting Clouds!”

*Shing~~~*

Accompanying the storm-like movement of Lu Zhannan, the sword grasped in his right hand suddenly rang out a heart-chilling sound of its vibrating blade tip. In the next moment, Lu Zhannan’s longsword suddenly thrusted out as if it was a strike of lightning…. That flash of the sword, was like the shine of a suddenly raging thunderbolt; it was so quick that one could only catch a glimpse of the glaring cold light that flashed by.

“It’s the Flash of Lightning! Senior Brother Lu actually used this move right away; it seems like he wants to cripple this insolent brat in one move!” A young disciple of Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion exclaimed.

“That’s for certain. If Senior Brother Lu let this brat cross more than three moves with him, it wouldn’t be Senior Brother Lu anymore.” Another disciple of the Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion said as a matter of fact.

This splendid thrust of a sword was at the pinnacle of swiftness, and the slim sword’s body was also infused with Lu Zhannan’s powerful profound energy. The momentum behind the sword was also strong to an inconceivable degree. This sword move could be said to be impeccably perfect. Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion was famous for thousand of miles as the “Swift Sword”, and on Lu Zhannan’s body, the two words “Swift Sword” was exhibited perfectly.

Riiip!!

“AH!!!”

The ear-piercing sound of air being torn apart resounded. The lightning-like sword directly went through Yun Che’s silhouette amidst the screams of New Moon Profound Palace’s disciples. Together, the man and the sword directly went through his body….

But unfortunately, it was only an afterimage.

“He actually… dodged it? How can that be possible?” Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion’s disciples yelled out in shock one after another. That “Flash of Lightning” move from Lu Zhannan earlier, could be said to have been executed perfectly; none of the disciples who had came here with him was confident enough to execute the move to his degree. That speed of the sword, was almost worthy to shake the heavens and even make the gods cry; even if one was prepared for it, it would still be extremely difficult to dodge. However, it was clearly Yun Che’s first time fighting with a disciple of Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion, so he ought to not be familiar with Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion’s sword moves. Under no preparations at all… He had actually managed to dodge it!

“It was actually dodged!” New Moon Profound Palace elders were also surprised as two of them excitingly stood up from their seats. Not only was Yun Che’s Profound Strength thick to the point of being impossible to comprehend, he also possessed a bizarre, but fantastic Profound Movement Skill; and even his reaction time, was actually also this astonishing.

“So fast!” Yun Che’s brows slightly sank. If he had not already opened all of his Profound Veins and utilized the fastest speed of Star God’s Broken Shadow, he might have not been able to avoid this lightning-fast sword.





Chapter 74 – Burst!


The lightning sword strike that would’ve determined the victory had actually missed, which also spoiled his plan of killing Yun Che in a single blow. Lu Zhannan was quite surprised in his heart. He quickly turned around without pause, and the longsword swept straight toward Yun Che.

The spear has a spear’s advantage, so naturally, the sword has its own advantages too. A spear’s oppression has no equal, yet a sword’s swift fierceness was unmatched. Together with the sword’s power, Lu Zhannan carried the imposing aura of a turbulent storm; and as if it were a stream of light, the sword flew toward Yun Che’s chest.

Yun Che’s had an indifferent expression; his body casually leaned a small diagonal step backwards, and easily dodged Lu Zhannan’s second sword strike. Only a *riiip* sound blared about; like a silver shark that broke out of thin ice, a deep trench was carved out from the Main Palace’s floor in the direction the sword pointed.

The power behind this sword strike made quite a few disciples gasp.

“Lu Zhannan didn’t hold back in the slightest; moreover, both sword strikes were aimed at the vitals… He’s obviously going in for the kill!”

“To kill people inside the New Moon Profound Palace, the only one who would dare to do so is probably this Lu Zhannan. However, if this happens, this Yun Che might really be finished here.”

Qin Wuyou sat on the main seat of the Main Palace as he watched the battle between Yun Che and Lu Zhannan with a calm gaze. Although Sikong Han continued to shoot him meaningful glances in hope that he would use the Palace Chief’s status to stop this unfair battle between two who were at completely different levels, it was as if Qin Wuyou had not noticed Sikong Han’s intentions at all; he also did not have any intentions of stopping the battle, which left Sikong Han with no choice but to only helplessly worry.

As Qin Wuyou watched Yun Che, his heart was swayed for a long time… This youngster, he indeed only had the profound strength of the first level of Nascent Profound Realm. However, during the moment he struck, the huge surge of his profound power was extraordinary; what exactly is going on here? Is he hiding his true strength? Impossible, if I can’t even see through the strength of a junior generation correctly, wouldn’t the dozen of years I lived through, have been for naught?

His strength was already enough to stir up an uproar in New Moon City when he had defeated Tie Hengjun with his age and condition. If he were to also win against this Lu Zhannan…. Then, this battle that I’m witnessing before my eyes, may be the sudden rise of a future ‘Throne’!

(TL: Someone at the Emperor Profound Realm in Blue Wind Empire)

He appeared to be extremely arrogant right from the start, and was even a bit overly presumptuous and supercilious. But was that really his true nature? When he was facing against Tie Hengjun, he had a completely different attitude. Wildly arrogant people are usually impatient and restless, but both his aura and gaze had always been too tranquil; it was so calm that ought not to emerge from a sixteen year old youngster’s body. As one who possessed this kind of gaze and aura; how could he possibly be a wildly arrogant person….

Then the only explanation, would be that the various arrogant stances and attitude from the start, were all deliberately done…. Even including the angering and provoking of the seven great sects; they were all intentional!

Since he decided to enter this New Moon Profound Palace while also deliberately provoking the seven great sects, just what exactly was his goal?

Qing Wuyou’s thoughts continuously rotated, yet his vision was firmly locked on Yun Che the whole time, as he projected an admiration that was impossible to hide.

The Yun Che at this time, had already been drawn into the shadows of Lu Zhannan’s sword.

Lu Zhannan’s sword became faster and faster. There was clearly only one sword in his hand but it swung out as many as a few dozen of shadowy swords that covered the sky. One simply could not differentiate which sword shadow was real, and which sword shadows were illusory. However, inside the terrifyingly dense sword shadows, Yun Che’s body kept on swaying and shifting continuously. The sword was like a tempest, but it didn’t leave the slightest trace of wound on Yun che’s body.

This undoubtedly implied, that Yun Che’s speed of body movements…. were even faster than Lu Zhannan’s sword!!

All the disciples in the palace became stupefied from watching this. When Lu Zhannan entered the stage, they had all thought that Yun Che was completely done for. Under hands of Lu Zhannan, Yun Che’s most likely outcome would be a one second defeat. Lu Zhannan didn’t let anyone down either; every sword strike that left his hand, could all be considered as marvelous…. Yet, up until now, he had almost consecutively struck out his sword for nearly one hundred times, but still was incapable of even touching a corner of Yun Che’s clothes.

Every moment Lu Zhannan swung out his sword, Yun Che’s body would immediately shift in the next; and every single time, Lu Zhannan’s sword could only stab into his afterimage. What Yun Che exhibited was the “Star God’s Broken Shadows” in a very tiny margin; with all Fifty Four Profound Veins opened, it could be freely released instantaneously while keeping the consumption of profound energy very low. However, there was a prerequisite that’s absolutely necessary… That was, that Yun Che must have a sharp enough perceptive ability; he would need to be able to judge the sword’s trajectory the instant Lu Zhannan released his sword.

The disciples in the palace were silent for a long time; what they had received after waiting was not Yun Che’s miserable defeat, but rather, another shock. After staring for a long time while dumbstruck, Sikong absentmindedly muttered to himself: “No wonder… He’s actually using the air currents to perceive! However, in early periods of profound cultivation, the eyes should be the main method of perceiving. To be able to analyze and perceive using the profound energy’s aura and air current, one would need to at least accumulate a dozen years of battle experience… One would at least need to be twenty five or older to be able to accomplish this! Absolutely none of the young disciples that were present would be able to do this. Yun Che was clearly only sixteen years old, but he could already accomplish it to such a degree! Furthermore, he had done so effortlessly; even amidst the cage of sword shadows, he was still unruffled, and dodged without the slightest margin of error!”

“Xiao Lie…. Exactly what method did he use to bring up such an anomalous grandchild!!”

Line after line of sword flashes sliced toward his body; in the midst of Yun Che’s swift dodges, he felt the faint pain of the sharp sword aura scrape his face and arms. At this time, Jasmine’s warning tone of voice suddenly came from his mind: “You should end the battle quickly. It’s your first time using Evil Soul, and you actually fought consecutively; it’s much too straining. You should also be feeling the burden on your body and profound veins. With your current condition, Evil Soul can at most be maintained for another thirty seconds. Any longer than that, your profound veins would have the possibility of being severely damaged.”

The inside of Yun Che’s heart all of a sudden, faintly trembled.

“You piece of trash, do you only know how to dodge?” Since more than one hundred of his sword strikes didn’t even injure a single strand Yun Che’s hair, flustered and exasperated, Lu Zhannan increasingly became nervous as he lowly roared.

Under his irritation, Lu Zhannan’s profound strength crazily swelled from his entire body as the power behind his sword became increasingly violent. Under the sweeping sword shadows, it was as if an extremely sharp gust of violent wind blew inside the Main Palace; the marble floor was continuously cut and shattered by the sword’s aura, and was sent scattering by the sword’s wind.

It was as if Lu Zhannan’s words were effective; his next sword strike thrusted down at an angle, but Yun Che didn’t choose to dodge using his impeccably bizarre movement skill again. Instead, he suddenly closed in to face the blade of his sword, and forcibly attacked toward his body.

Yun Che’s actions made Lu Zhannan pleased beyond his belief, as he lowly roared in his heart: Fool, you have a death wish!

Rip!!

Lu Zhannan’s longsword viciously sliced at Yun Che’s left arm, and the strike unquestionably splattered blood. However, when he saw the bloody laceration he had cut on Yun Che’s arm, Lu Zhannan wasn’t overjoyed, but was instead shocked…. Because the sword strike filled with his profound energy of the sevens level of the Nascent Profound Realm, actually only cut a wound onto his body; let alone chopping his entire arm off, even the bones had not been touched!

The profound power in Yun Che’s body, was undoubtedly only at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm!

As Yun Che took his sword head on, his right fist that was filled with all his power, also ferociously crashed onto Lu Zhannan’s chest.

Bang!!

Was it possible for a profound strength at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm to break through the protective profound energy of an opponent at the seventh level of the Nascent Profound Realm?

Lu Zhannan was originally about to simply dismiss Yun Che’s strike, but then, his complexion abruptly changed greatly.

His chest’s protective profound energy didn’t even last half a breath, and was immediately shattered. Lu Zhannan felt as if his chest had been directly smashed by a heavy hammer that weighed five hundred kilograms. His innards violently tumbled as he consecutively retreated seven or eight steps, and almost plunged onto the ground.

Impossible! He clearly had the mere profound strength of a first ranker at the Nascent Profound Realm! Even if his profound strength was much thicker than ones of the same level, it would at most be able to match the third or fourth level; however I, myself am over half a realm stronger! How was it possible for me to be embarrassed into such a state after one of his strikes, when I couldn’t even cut through his protective profound energy?

His mind was in chaos as his intention to kill rose even higher. Just as he was about to use Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion’s strongest ultimate skill, he suddenly saw Yun Che extend his right hand in his direction, while revealing a bizarre smile on his face.

“Burst!!” Yun Che’s five open fingers that faced Lu Zhannan suddenly grasped tightly, as a muffled word leaked out from his mouth.

Just as everyone was bewildered by his actions and the word he spoke, they suddenly heard a *fwoosh* sound come from Lu Zhannan’s body. Right after, Lu Zhannan’s blood-curling scream of agony resounded through the entire Main Palace.

“UWAAAAAAA!!”

A ball of flame suddenly soared out from Lu Zhannan’s chest, which also happened to be the spot where Yun Che had struck him. Flesh, bones, and even the nearby organs were all enveloped into the scorching flame. Lu Zhannan painfully tumbled on the ground as both of his hands desperately patted and slapped in an attempt to extinguish the “demonic fire” that came from who knows where. However, these flames were ignited from the profound energy that Yun Che had poured into the inside of his chest; unless he tore open his own chest, there was simply no chance of it being extinguished.

To even make someone with the nickname “ Cold-Blooded” scream like this, one could imagine the pain he was bearing at this moment. Not to mention a fire ignited inside one’s body, being burned by fire was already difficult to endure for an ordinary person. The complexions of everyone within the Main Palace all changed; some became ashen, some became ghastly, and some had even started to shiver from head to toe.

“It’s fire… Fire attribute Profound Arts! He can actually also use profound arts of the fire attribute!!”

“My heavens! Isn’t this the remote ignition of the profound that can only be achieved within the higher realms of fire attribute profound arts? Not only does this Yun Che possess fire attribute profound arts, he unexpectedly, had already reached this state…. He’s obviously only sixteen! How can this be possible!”

“So that’s why! No wonder Yan Ming was so battered before, that wasn’t some low level mistake at all; it was because Yun Che also had fire attribute profound arts, and he was clearly much better at it than Yan Ming! For Yan Ming to play with fire against him, he was completely digging his own grave!” As they watched the flame that exploded from Lu Zhannan’s chest, many had come back to their senses from the shock.

And Yan Ming, who had been defeated by Yun Che earlier, became as dazed as a wooden chicken. The remote ignition of profound energy was an ability that could be achieved with his sect’s profound art only when one had cultivated it to the sixth realm; he didn’t even dare to think about achieving it before the age of thirty. However, Yun Che had done it, and indisputably displayed it right before everyone’s eyes. At this time, he thoroughly understood that his loss did not carry the slightest bit of injustice. To play with fire against an anomaly who could remotely ignite profound energy…. It was virtually showing off one’s skills of the axe in front of a master carpenter, and asking to be humiliated.

After being struck, if only Lu Zhannan hadn’t immediately gnashed his teeth and reaccumulated his strength in order to regain his “momentum” but instead, immediately forced out Yun Che’s profound energy that had been smashed into his body, the outcome would’ve been undeniably different. However, even though Lu Zhannan was blown back with just a single hit from Yun Che’s fist, he was still unwilling to recognize Yun Che’s power; he even more so, had not expected that Yun Che actually possessed such a powerful ability to control fire.

Yun Che walked beside his feet, looked at him with an gaze of pity, and spoke with an indifferent tone: “Like I’ve said before, I don’t have the slightest interest in your name anymore. Someone with the strength at the seventh level of the Nascent Profound Realm, couldn’t even defeat a first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm; this kind of trash, is not necessary for me to know at all.”

After he finished speaking, he lightly flicked his finger as he smiling disdainfully. The nightmarish fire on Lu Zhannan’s chest was then finally extinguished.

Against people he hated, Yun Che didn’t mind adding insult to their injury at all; moreover, this Lu Zhannan also had the intention of killing him. If it wasn’t under the watchful eyes of everyone inside this New Moon Profound Palace’s Main Palace, he never would’ve been kind enough to extinguish the fire on Lu Zhannan’s body.





Chapter 75 – Xiao Luocheng


Lu Zhannan got up from the floor battered and exhausted; his complexion was ghastly white and a hole had already burned through the clothing on his chest, revealing his skin that was almost seared black. Under the protection of his profound energy, Yun Che’s flame did not actually severely injure him; however, the pain that was brought by the fire that ignited inside his body was enough to make him remember it for a lifetime, and also imprinted a very deep scar in the depths of his heart. At this moment, his gaze towards Yun Che was filled with horror. He lowered his head, dragged his sword, and walked back towards Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion without another word.

He knew that today, he had completely become the “stepping stone” Yun Che had spoke of. Thinking back now, the various ridicule and disdain he had toward Yun Che earlier were just like a pile of jokes that he slapped on his own face.

“Lu Zhannan… actually… lost!!”

“How terrifying! What kind of strength does Lu Zhannan have? Even he was defeated by Yun Che!”

“Sixteen years old… A first ranker of Nascent Profound Realm, yet his profound strength was so alarmingly deep and thick; his movement skills were even more strange and unmeasurable. In addition, he still knew such a high grade fire attribute profound art! The fire attribute profound art that he had displayed just now, seems to be different from Cloudy Sun Sect and Burning Heaven Clan, yet its level is so high that it’s terrifying… he’s clearly only sixteen years old!”

“This kind of talent, even though it can’t be matched with Xiao LuoCheng, the difference isn’t too far away either! Perhaps, it’s enough to be on par with Fen Ziluan of Burning Heaven Clan! Amongst the younger generation inside New Moon City, his talent is enough to enter the top five… No, top three!”

From the disciples to the elders, everyone of the Seven Deadly Sword Pavilion all lost their spirit, because they were the ones who understood Lu Zhannan’s abilities the best; but with a strength like his, he actually was defeated by a sixteen year old disciple of New Moon Profound Palace. This kind of spiritual impact was far too great, so large that they couldn’t believe the reality of what they saw.

Xuan Yu, Yan Ming, and Feng Guangyi, who were previously defeated by Yun Che stared for an even longer time, as their throats became dry… When they were defeated by Yun Che, every single one of them refused to accept it in their hearts; but now, they clearly understood that their loss was far from unjustified! When Yun Che had fought them, he clearly did not unleash all his strength; perhaps he did not even use half of his actual strength! Otherwise, their loss would have been even quicker and more tragic. Thinking back now, their arrogance in front of Yun Che earlier… was simply like an ignorant puppy barking furiously at a lion cub.

“This kind of talent is extremely rare even in the seven sects with their strong and solid heritage, and such a disciple unexpectedly appeared in our New Moon Profound Palace! Perhaps, this New Moon Profound Palace which had been silent for all these years may rise because of him.” Sikong Han spoke as he emotionally sighed.

The two elders beside him also slowly nodded their heads, and deeply agreed with him.

By no means were talents needed in excess, and they would never appear in surplus either. Being able to have one was enough to bring prestige to one’s family. And with New Moon Profound Palace being the one and only Profound Palace that was set up in the New Moon City by the imperial family, heaven knows how many years it had been since a top-notch genius who could be comparable to the seven sects’ talents had appeared. This was also the main reason why New Moon Profound Palace were always been unable to raise their head in front of the seven sects. And this “curse”, perhaps would be broken starting with the emergence of Yun Che… No! It has already been broken! This time, solely because of Yun Che, New Moon Profound Palace had finally stood up with pride and blew off their steam at the seven sects who came to show off their strength. This also made the seven sects’ disciples gazes, no longer contain the proudness and contempt they had when they first entered the Main Palace.

Meanwhile, the disciples of New Moon Profound Palace were still all in shock. Facing the powerful Lu Zhannan, Yun Che, who was only sixteen years old had won once again! The shock they received that was brought by this outcome was indescribable in words. A first ranker at the Nascent Profound Realm defeating a seventh ranker at the Nascent Profound Realm; what kind of horrifying talent must one possess to accomplish this! This was also the first time they knew that a first ranker at the Nascent Profound Realm could actually reach such a terrifying power! Round after round, almost every match was a victory that had far exceeded their predictions; it was as if they were inside a dream.

“I always thought my talent was already considered as a genius level, but compared to Junior Brother Yun… *Sigh* It isn’t even worth looking at.” Within the seats, quite a few New Moon Profound Palace’s disciple sighed to themselves. To be able to attend this banquet today, no doubt were they the most elite disciples of New Moon Profound Palace, and naturally would have self-pride inside their heart. However after witnessing Yun Che’s five battles in a row, the proudness inside their hearts had vanished without a trace; their hearts were filled with respect and admiration towards this junior brother that had just joined the Profound Palace.

“Is this… really my brother-in-law…” It was not known how many hundred times had Xia Yuanba murmured this, his eyes staring wide open from the start to the end.

He and Junior Brother Yun similarly came from the same little Floating Cloud City located in the east. In that place, surely there wouldn’t be any high grade resources; and under such conditions, Junior Brother Yun could actually reach such a realm. If he had been born in a major sect, his accomplishment now would certainly be even more universally shocking… Lan Xueruo silently thought in her heart.

He… Wasn’t he the person I was looking for all along!

(TL: Hook, Line, and Sinker!)

As she thought about this, Lan Xueruo’s charming eyes were in violent turmoil and released an incomparably touching radiance. Her gaze towards Yun Che also subtly changed all of a sudden. Yun Che clearly had consumed a great amount of energy after fighting five consecutives battles; even though he seemed to be undisturbed on the outside, his forehead was already been covered in beads of sweat and his breathing had also obviously became hurried. On his left arm, the bloody gash was a ghastly sight to see, and the blood that flowed out had already dyed half of his sleeve a scarlet red.

Lan Xueruo immediately stood up; she took out all of the various kinds of ointments she carried, walked quickly towards the Yun Che’s side, and asked with concern: “Junior Brother Yun, your arm is injured, how severe is the wound?”

Yun Che smiled and replied: “It’s fine, it’s just a scratch that didn’t reach the bone. Furthermore, it had already stop bleeding. I thank Senior Sister for the concern.”

“Stop acting tough, come, let Senior Sister take a look.” Lan Xueruo stretched out her jade hands and lifted Yun Che’s arm carefully as she checked his wounds. Following that, her face revealed an expression of astonishment. Even though the wound on Yun Che’s arm was very deep, but like he had said, it had indeed not reached his bones. That was undeniably a slash from Lu Zhannan, yet it only caused this kind of injury that could only be considered a minor wound!

Not to mention the first level of Nascent Profound Realm, even if a similar person at the seventh level of the Nascent Profound Realm received a strike from Lu Zhannan, they definitely wouldn’t have only received such a light injury! As a first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm, how was it possible for him to possess such a strong protective profound energy.

As he saw the astonishment on Lan Xueruo’s face, a proud look slowly appeared on Yun Che’s face: “Do you believe me now, Senior Sister? My body is made of iron, you know; how could I possibly be seriously wounded that easily.”

Lan Xueruo laughed gently: “How is your body made of iron when you look so white and tender? You look more like a standard boy toy.”

“Eh… boy toy?” Yun Che raised his eyebrows for a moment, then he looked at Lan Xueruo’s snow white face and happily laughed: “Only men that are being kept and provided for by a beauty can be called a boy toy, and I don’t even have a beauty to provide for me… How about, Senior Sister keep me?”

“Pff… your mouth sure is naughty.” A laugh escaped from Lan Xueruo as she rolled her eyes at him: “I’m still your Senior Sister, okay. If you dare to tease me any further, be careful of Senior Sister spreading the word about your marriage out. You wouldn’t even be able to deceive a single girl after that.”

Yun Che’s expression immediately became sullen.

(TL: Author said his face looked like 囧)

Seeing Lan Xueruo take the initiative to approach Yun Che to show her concern, and furthermore, while chatting and laughing together, both of them appeared to even show a hint of flirtation… Murong Ye’s face turned green in an instant, his teeth nearly shattering in pieces from the grinding. He and Lan Xueruo were publicly known as the golden couple of New Moon Profound Palace. Just one more step was needed before they would become a couple recognized by the masses. However, he clearly knew how difficult this one step was; at the very least, Lan Xueruo had never treated him the way she’s currently treating Yun Che.

“That damn brat!” Murong Ye gaze suddenly became more and more sinister.

As if he had felt the gaze that was filled with jealousy and hatred, Yun Che’s head slightly turned in Murong Ye’s direction; the corner of his lips curled up into an unnoticeable curve.

*Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!*

At this moment, a sharp and clear clapping sound rang out in the Main Palace, and caused everyone to look towards the origin of the sound. The person who was clapping had already slowly stood up from their seat.

“Wonderful! Truly brilliant beyond comparison! I had originally come in my father’s stead to congratulate Palace Chief Qin, but unexpectedly, I was able to enjoy one brilliant battle after another between tigers and dragons. I’m even more so in luck to see another brilliant star rise in our New Moon City.”

While the young man started to speak, he also walked towards Yun Che as he cheerfully grinned from ear to ear. He looked quite young, and had the appearance of a sixteen or seventeen year old. However, there weren’t any signs of immaturity his face; instead, he carried a intangible noble and proud aura. His voice was clear and gentle, yet it carried a pressure that made one suffocate.

As they saw the young man who had slowly walked out, the palace immediately became completely silent.

Xiao Luocheng!!

The undeniable number one of the younger generation in New Moon City!

When Xiao Luocheng walked into the Main Palace, all the gazes were focused on him. However, after that, not many people kept their attention on him; even when Yun Che had declared war at all the sixteen year olds of the seven sects and no one from the seven sects responded, nobody had thought of him at all… This was because the level Xiao Luocheng was at had already far surpassed this little New Moon City; his terrifying talent was not something that the disciples of New Moon City or the seven sects could compare to. Tie Hengjun entered fourth level of the Nascent Profound Realm at age seventeen, Lu Zhannan entered seventh level of Nascent Profound Realm at age eighteen; they were all famous and top-notch genius in New Moon City.

Yet Xiao Luocheng… At the age of sixteen, was at the tenth level of the Nascent Profound Realm!

Xiao Luocheng had never participated in the battles between the younger disciples of the New Moon City sects; because within the New Moon City’s younger generation, no one was qualified to be his opponent, and none were worthy for him to show his power either.

Even though he was the young sect master of Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect that was located in New Moon City, everyone knew that once he reached the age of twenty, it would be unthinkable for him to remain in New Moon City; instead he would return to the main headquarters of Xiao Sect. With his terrifying talent, he would be in a decently high position even inside main sect. Xiao Sect’s Main Sect; that was a colossus that New Moon City didn’t even have the right to look up at! It was a major sect that even Blue Wind’s Imperial Family had to curry favor with. That was where Xiao Luocheng should belong; for New Moon City was simply incapable of containing this exceptional genius known as Xiao Luocheng.

However now, not only did Xiao Luocheng personally step up, he even walked towards Yun Che.

Everyone’s heart started to frantically beat. Is it possible that, he’s going to…





Chapter 76 – I’ll Destroy You First!


Xiao Luocheng suddenly walking out, was undoubtedly against everyone’s expectations. Although Yun Che had stolen the show by continuously defeating five people and shocked the entire audience, his glory, still was incomparable to that of Xiao Luocheng. Everything that Yun Che had exhibited, was enough for him step into the finest class of talents within New Moon City’s young generation; however, Xiao Luocheng was a level of super genius that was enough to enter one of the Four Major Sects. If Yun Che were to suddenly challenge Xiao Luocheng, then it still wouldn’t be that shocking, and at most, he would be thought of as overestimating himself. But if Xiao Luocheng took the initiative to step up on his own, it would be too thought provoking…..

Could it be that he wanted to spar with Yun Che? No way! Absolutely impossible. Considering Xiao Luocheng’s status, pride, and strength, why would he intentionally lower himself to fight with a newly admitted disciple of New Moon Profound Palace. But if it wasn’t to do this, then what exactly did he want to do?

Not only did Xia Luocheng walk out of his own accord, his gaze had also remained on him the entire time, which also caused some suspicion to rise in Yun Che’s heart. He immediately put on a smile and said: “Young Sect Master Xiao must be joking. I am but an ordinary disciple of New Moon Profound Palace, so I am definitely unworthy of bearing the title of “New Star.” In New Moon City, the one with the qualifications to be called a star is you; only you, Young Sect Master Xiao, is worthy of that title.”

“Hahahaha!” Xiao Luocheng started to laugh; the laughter carried an air of royalty that simply didn’t seem like it came from a sixteen year old’s mouth: “Brother Yun is too modest. I believe that after today’s sparring session, Brother Yun’s name would undoubtedly reverberate throughout the entire New Moon City. As for your future accomplishments, they will definitely be immeasurable. The fact that I, Xiao Luocheng could come in person today, can also be counted as a stroke of great fortune.”

Yun Che’s face suddenly revealed an expression of being overwhelmed by flattery. He hurriedly said: “Young Master Xiao’s words are really too flattering. My ability, in front of Young Master Xiao, is akin to a small luminescence in front of the bright moon; and is not worthy to even be mentioned. I don’t know if Young Sect Master Xiao has….. any advice? This Yun Che will definitely listen carefully.”

“Hehe, Brother Yun doesn’t need to be so modest, whether you are a small luminescence or the bright moon, anyone present would naturally know in their heart. The reason why I presumptuously came forward, was to ask Brother Yun for a favor. Just a moment ago, Brother Yun had admirably shown off strength, and consecutively defeated five top disciples of the seven major sects; aside from my amazement and admiration, my hands have also become itchy, so I wanted to consult with Brother Yun a bit. I don’t know if Brother Yun is willing?” Xiao Luocheng courteously asked while watching Yun Che with a smiling face.

As soon as the words left Xiao Luocheng’s mouth, the main hall erupted in whispers, and even Yun Che was in a daze.

“Xiao Luocheng is actively challenging Yun Che… Ah, no, no, he’s actively proposing to exchange pointers with Yun Che? This this…. is irrational.”

“Even if Yun Che is extremely amazing, and even if one called him New Moon Profound Palace’s finest disciple of the century, I can still believe that. But Xiao Luocheng and Yun Che aren’t even people of the same level; how could Xiao Luocheng propose to spar with him? No matter how you think about it, this doesn’t make sense.”

“Could it be that the seven sects’ defeat was so unsightly to behold, that Young Sect Master Xiao wanted to regain face for the seven sects? And at the same time, let Yun Che know what a true genius is like?”

Yun Che didn’t immediately respond and stood there in a daze, as if he was stupefied by Xiao Luocheng’s words. However, during this time, his vision had never left Xiao Luocheng’s eyes from beginning to end. At this moment, Xiao Luocheng was within five steps of his position; his calm imposing manner carried an unconcealed aloofness. But Yun Che could sense that under his harmless exterior appearance, there existed a thick profound energy and an intangible strength. His entire body was like a ferocious beast hidden in a deep abyss who remained motionless; if he moved, who knows how terrifying that would be.

But these weren’t important; what was important, was that deep within his eyes, Yun Che could see an ice-cold sinister aura.

He was all too familiar with this type of aura.

This Xiao Luocheng, wants to destroy me! This was the answer Yun Che immediately arrived at as his mind also instantly cooled down.

But why? He and I have never crossed paths before, and furthermore, we don’t have any conflicting interests; today was also the first time we’ve ever met. He clearly had no reason to do act this way.

Is it merely to strangle an emerging talent, a “New Star”, who may became his future enemy?

Which means, my performance today made him more or less, a little afraid?”

If that’s really true, then this harmless looking Young Sect Master could be said to have the shrewdness and heart of a demon.

As he thought to here, Yun Che suddenly spoke in a somewhat terrified voice: “Young Sect Master Xiao wants to exchange pointers with me? This…. is not me, Yun Che, being modest; but even though I had only recently entered New Moon City, I’ve still heard that Young Sect Master Xiao had already stepped half a foot in the True Profound Realm at such a young age. Compared to my miniscule amount of profound energy, Young Sect Master Xiao’s real strength is too far apart; to be able to exchange pointers with Young Sect Master Xiao, I honestly cannot overcome that fear.” But immediately, his tone changed and straightforwardly said: “However, since Young Sect Master Xiao sees so much in me, I, of course, cannot refuse. To be able to spar with Young Sect Master Xiao, whose name can even be heard five hundred kilometers away; this would be my, Yun Che’s greatest honor.”

“Great!” Xiao Luocheng nodded in satisfaction and said with a smile: “Since we are sparring, then we’ll obviously have the fairest of conditions as the basic premise. Brother Yun has already fought five consecutive matches, so I presume that the exhaustion must be overwhelming; moreover, you are wounded on the left arm. Before we spar, Brother Yun should rest a while. When Brother Yun’s profound energy recovers, we will then have a fair sparring session.”

“No, that’s not necessary.” Completely out of everyone’s expectation, and in the face of Xiao Luocheng’s reasonable suggestion which was also beneficial for him, Yun Che actually refused without the slightest bit of hesitation: “Although I exhausted quite a lot of energy, I more or less still held on to some spare energy, which should be enough to spar with Young Master Xiao for a bit. As for the wound on my arm, it is but a light injury which shouldn’t be too serious. Furthermore, we are just sparring; it isn’t a battle to the death. Since it doesn’t matter whether it’s fair or not, why should we waste everyone’s time because I, Yun Che exhausted a bit of energy and have a minor injury.”

The words that came from Yun Che completely stunned everyone within the hall. Because, unless they were deaf, from Yun Che’s words, anyone could hear a kind of…. extreme self confidence and arrogance!!

“Fuck! This Yun Che…. what is he trying to do?”

“What’s this ‘more or less have some energy left, which should be enough to spar with Young Master Xiao for a bit’! Who does he think he is? Who does he think Xiao Luocheng is?”

“Yun Che is indeed a top genius; one have no choice but to acknowledge this. But to be so arrogant in front of Xiao Luocheng, he virtually doesn’t know the limits of his own abilities. He’s simply asked to be humiliated! If he does battle against Xiao Luocheng, a mere foot may be enough to flatten him within minutes.”

*Sigh* “Forget it. He said so himself that he has just arrived in New Moon City, I estimate that he had only heard a little of Xiao Luocheng’s fame, and just does not understand how terrifying he is. I would bet that if he stayed at New Moon City for a month, even if given ten times the amount of courage, he still would not dare to say such things.”

“Hehe, this will be interesting. I imagine after hearing these words, Xiao Luocheng would also become angry. Perhaps, he will be defeated in the most miserable of fashion…. Hehe, this will be a good show.”

“Junior Brother Yun!” Lan Xueruo knitted her fine eyebrows, and immediately reminded in a low voice: “Even though this Xiao Luocheng is the same age as you, his strength is completely different compared to the people you fought earlier; you can say that he’s simply on another level, you mustn’t….”

“Rest assured Senior Sister.” Yun Che had actually interrupted her, and spoke without a care: “My current state isn’t as bad as you think. Furthermore, all I am doing is exchanging pointers with Young Sect Master Xiao; no matter the result, it wouldn’t be that big of a deal.”

“But…..”

Lan Xueruo still had more to say, but Yun Che gave her a very gentle and comforting look. After which, he turned to Xiao Luocheng and said: “Young Sect Master Xiao, lets begin right now. What do you say?”

In fact, after the words Yun Che had said earlier, he was already unable to back down. Lan Xueruo could only sigh in her heart and silently sit down with a heart full of worry.

Xiao Luocheng smiled, but anyone could see that his smile was a bit forced. This was perhaps the first time in Xiao Luocheng’s entire life that he had met someone who dared to be so arrogant in his presence. He narrowed his eyes and slowly said: “If this is what Brother Yun insists, then I will naturally respect Brother Yun’s decision. Only, Brother Yun’s current state is worrisome; when continuously fighting five matches and exhausting so much profound energy, the bodily protective energy would definitely be much weaker than before. So much so that it may collapse at any moment. If you were to suffer my strike at that time, there is the possibility of suffering severe injuries. If that happened…..”

“Haha, Young Master Xiao thinks too much.” Yun Che unknowingly smiled: “When sparring, a situation where one cannot hold back is inevitable; it would be normal for light injuries or even heavy injuries to appear. Moreover, it was I who insisted on sparring with Young Sect Master Xiao in my current condition. Even if I were to actually suffer serious injuries, Young Sect Master Xiao would definitely not be blamed. Regarding this point, everyone present can act as a witness. Therefore, Young Master Xiao has no need to worry about holding back at all. Please let this person, new to New Moon City, open his eyes and experience the strength of the strongest within the young generation.”

As these words came out from Yun Che, the elders of New Moon Profound Palace were so startled that they almost fell off their seats. As for those on the seven sects’ side, especially those in Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect, there were many who couldn’t help but immediately laugh out loud.

This motherf*cker…… is practically digging his own grave!!

Xiao Luocheng looked deeply at Yun Che. That expression… was as if he was looking at a retard.

“But since we are speaking about this, if I, Yun Che were to get lucky….. and accidentally injure Young Master Xiao, then…..”

As soon as the words left Yun Che’s mouth, the seven sects’ side instantly fell into laughter again. In spite of the current situation, a few people started to laugh wildly without the slightest restraint. Some even laughed so hard that they started to roll about on the ground while holding their stomach; it was as if they had heard the funniest joke in the world. But no one from New Moon Profound Palace’s side could laugh, and anxiety was written on every one of their faces….. If it was possible, they had an incomparable desire to make Yun Che take back those words he had just said to Xiao Luocheng…. Of course, with the exception of Murong Ye. He tightly clenched his teeth as his both cheeks quivered, and was almost unable to control his laughter several times already.

This retard, actually dug himself a hole and intends to jump in it! There was actually someone this stupid…. Xiao Luocheng, you must beat him until he’s crippled, beat him half to death!

“Hahahaha!” Xiao Luocheng laughed loudly, and said: “If I am injured by Yun Che, then consider it my lack of skill, and of course blame would not fall upon Brother Yun’s head in the slightest; everyone here can also be a witness.”

Right after Xiao Luocheng’s voice faded, Cloudy Sun Sect’s Head Elder, Yan Zizai had already loudly shouted: “Both of you can rest assured, with so many people here today, and this many eyes watching, we will naturally be your most solid witnesses. If either of you is unfortunate enough to receive severe injuries while sparring, the opponent shall not be blamed; otherwise, one would be a despicable person who can’t keep to his word.

After these words from Yan Zizai, every sect immediately agreed one after another. These words, were obviously directed toward New Moon Profound Palace; because there was simply no one who believed that Yun Che could even harm Xiao Luocheng.

When speaking about Yun Che, who had largely exhausted his profound energy and was even slightly injured, there wasn’t even a chance that he could possibly be victorious.

Sikong Han’s revealed a bitter face, as his pleading eyes looked towards Qin Wuyou. But under the gaze of the seven sects, Qin Wuyou slowly nodded his head.

“Good!” Xiao Luocheng calmly said, “Since this is the case, I hope to receive Brother Yun’s guidance. I also request Brother Yun…. to be lenient on me.”

“Be lenient on me.” These four words that Xiao Luocheng had said were extremely irritating to the ear.

Yun Che faintly smiled and did not reply. His breathing became tranquil and he concentrated his gaze; the first gate of the Profound Veins opened again!

According to Jasmine’s warning, with his body’s current condition, the first gate could only be opened one last time for a dozen or so seconds; otherwise, his body and Profound Vein would inevitably be overburdened, and suffer unforeseeable damage.

But these dozen or so seconds… are more than enough!!

From the depth of Yun Che’s eyes, an extremely dangerous light flashed from within……

I didn’t bother you, didn’t provoke you. Yet you wish to destroy me.

Since it’s like this…….

I’ll destroy you first!!





Chapter 77 – Falling Moon Sinking Star


Yun Che had already readied his stance as seriousness spread across his face. On the other hand, Xiao Luocheng was calm and relaxed; he wore a smile on his face, and was not even nervous in the slightest… But in his heart, he was already laughing from anger.

For him to act, it would naturally not be without reason. This was because Yun Che gave him a definite sense of crisis. Of course, this feeling was definitely not because he deemed that Yun Che could beat him. But rather, Yun Che who was clearly only at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, was able to even beat the Lu Zhannan, who was at the seventh level of the Nascent Profound Realm. The fire attribute profound art he used, had even more so reached an unfathomable state. Even as the Young Sect Master of Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect, he had never seen or heard of anyone having this kind of strength at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm.

Even when he was at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, it was completely impossible for him to be able to accomplish it to this extent.

Which also meant that if they were of the same level, then even he was essentially, not Yun Che’s match.

In all these years in New Moon City, he was always publicly recognized as number one, and among the younger generation, there had never emerged a person that he would think highly of. But from this Yun Che, he actually couldn’t help but feel a sense of inferiority. This feeling made him extremely uncomfortable. This type of person, absolutely, should not have shown up in New Moon City and even more so, ought to not have appeared in his face.

Not only that, Yun Che was arrogant, was unrestrained with his words, and had previously ridiculed the seven sects in every way. He also had defeated a few of the seven sects’ finest disciples into a incredibly miserable state and didn’t give them any face. With these, it was obvious that the various sects were already furious at Yun Che. Putting aside whether or not they would use dirty methods against him in the future, it was basically impossible for them to become friends.

Since it’s like this, then I’ll just destroy him… In this New Moon City, the only one worthy of the word “Genius” is I, Xiao Luocheng!

Though this Yun Che was as strong as he was violent, he was even more so, stupid! He had actually finished digging his own grave! With this, there isn’t the slightest worry left after I destroy him .

As he thought to here, the smile on the corners of Xiao Luocheng’s mouth became even more shady. He raised his hands at Yun Che in a relaxed manner: “Brother Yun, go ahead.”

Xiao Luocheng’s stance, clearly wanted Yun Che to attack first.

Yun Che didn’t waste time; with a few steps, his right arm horizontally swung towards Xiao Luocheng’s chest without any special moves; only using profound energy. It was obvious that he wanted to test the depth of Xiao Luocheng’s profound energy.

A first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm probing the profound strength of a tenth ranker at the Nascent Profound Realm!

The people of Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect simultaneously revealed ridiculing smiles… The difference in profound strength was almost an entire profound realm; if Yun Che wanted to last even a little while longer, his sole strategy would be to use his profound movement skill. Yet he went for a match of profound strength from the very start. It could be said to be extremely stupid. A look of disdain also flashed in Xiao Luocheng’s eyes; his left hand folded behind his back as he arbitrarily swung out his right hand.

It was only one hand; moreover, he had only used thirty percent of his strength.

The two arms collided with a *bang*. Xiao Luocheng stood still and didn’t move a single inch; his body did not even show the slightest signs of movement. However, Yun Che’s body slid over six meters away, and almost fell to the ground. His right arm also slightly trembled. He suddenly revealed a shocked face, and spoke: “Worthy of being Young Sect Master Xiao, such a thick profound energy!”

“Heheh.” Xiao Luocheng faintly laughed: “Brother Yun’s profound energy is also incomparably heavy, no wonder you could even defeat Lu Zhannan. But… If I said that I had only used thirty percent of my strength earlier…. would you believe it?

“Haha, Young Master Xiao really knows how to joke around.” Yun Che laughed. Looking at his conduct, it was as if he completely thought that Xiao Luocheng’s words were a joke; this caused all the disciples of the seven major sects to sneer. While taking a step back, he raised his right hand again, and spoke as his brows knitted: “But this next move, Young Sect Master Xiao needs to be careful. If it’s taken head on, you may receive some serious injuries.”

Hearing these words, the corner of Xiao Luocheng’s mouth violently twitched twice. The laughs of the numerous disciples of the seven sects once again rang out. It was true that the strength Yun Che had shown had astonished them time and time again; but this time, his excessive confidence and ignorance was simply many times greater than his actual strength.

“I thank Brother Yun for the warning. Brother Yun can attack as you please. I will receive them all. Even if my strength is insufficient and I do get injured, with so many people as witnesses, the blame would definitely not fall on Brother Yun,” Xiao Luocheng said while laughing. At the moment, he started to somewhat regret stepping out…. Because fighting with this type of overconfident and stupid person, simply degraded his dignity! With this type of arrogance and ignorance, even if his talent was higher, there was no chance that he would have any sort of accomplishment. There was absolutely no reason to worry.

Yun Che took in a deep breath. His eyes became serious as a vortex of profound energy quickly gathered above his right hand. It was clear that he was concentrating all his strength into his right hand. In fact, up until now when he was fighting with profound energy, aside from using his profound movement skill, he had never used any special move; all his attacks were the most ordinary of profound energy collisions.

And this time, it was still the same. Everyone also firmly believed that Yun Che simply didn’t have any type of profound attacking skills.

“Young Sect Master Xiao, receive my move!”

Yun Che shouted as he ferociously threw a heavy fist towards Xiao Luocheng’s chest. This punch clearly contained all of Yun Che’s profound energy; with an imposing force, the profound energy shockwave that accompanied it was at least twice as strong as the strength of a normal first ranker at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm

Being able to use this kind of strength as someone at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm was enough to shock anyone. But against Xiao Luocheng, it was not in the least bit threatening. Sensing an energy that could barely be considered fierce come towards his face, Xiao Luocheng’s eye’s flashed with a cold uncaring smile. All of his patience had vanished. Similarly, without any special moves, he simply threw a punch forward; but this time, he directly used seventy percent of his strength.

If thirty percent of his strength was enough to knock Yun Che away, then seventy percent was completely enough to break all of the bones in Yun Che’s arm into several pieces; even the viscera, under the assault of profound energy, would be dislocated to a large degree.

“Moron… Die!”

Xiao Luocheng coldly laughed in his heart. His gaze turned sinister; it was as if he could already see the scene of Yun Che being seriously injured to the point of losing conscious, with a mutilated right arm, in the very next second.

Right before the moment when both their fists were about to collide, a sly look flashed across Yun Che’s pupils as a shout echoed in his mind.

“Evil God’s first move —— Falling Moon Sinking Star!!”

In the depths of Yun Che’s body, the first gate of his profound veins suddenly released a strong crimson-colored light, as if a dormant demon god suddenly opened his frightening and violent eyes. In a split second, all the profound energy in his body from head to toe, started to frantically move towards Yun Che’s right fist; while the energy was moving, it was also crazily inflating to a shocking extent….

When Jasmine granted Yun Che the Evil God’s Profound Veins, she had said before that for every Evil God’s Profound Veins’ gate that opens, an accompanying Evil God’s Secret Art would be unlocked along with an Evil God’s Profound Skill. Be it the Evil God’s Secret Art or Evil God’s Profound Skill, there was no need for them to be cultivated. As long as the gate was opened, they could be used at will.

When the first gate opened and Evil Soul was activated, the name and activation method of the Evil God’s first move simultaneously appeared in his mind.

This was his final trump card that he had kept hidden all along; it also was the extremely large present he decided to gift to Xiao Luocheng after he had sensed his sinister aura.

The seven gates of the Evil God’s Profound Veins represented the seven Evil God’s Skills; the first Evil God Skill was “Falling Moon Sinking Star”. This implied that when the Evil God used this skill, it was enough to destroy both the sun and moon. It obviously would not produce such a destructive power that could oppose the heavens if it came from Yun Che; but just the name, was enough to show how terrifying its power was.

Boom!!!!

As the two fists collided, the resulting sound was akin to the heaven’s thunder striking out. A horrifying shockwave of energy that came from the collision of the two’s profound energy ferociously dispersed in all four directions. Followed by a burst of *kakakaka* sounds, the Main Palace’s marble floor greatly ruptured, and huge pieces of floor tiles were blown off into the distance.

From the epicenter of the profound energy’s turbulence, a silhouette shot out like a cannon ball and violently crashed onto the supporting pillar near the Main Palace’s gate. Followed by a *Boom*, the thick supporting pillar made of stone shook. Countless little cracks started to quickly spread through the pillar as a large amount of dust also fell from the roof.

The figure that smashed against the pillar, unexpectedly, did not bounce off. It was because half of his body was directly embedded into the center of the pillar by that extremely ferocious power. Only after a long time, did his body finally slide down slowly to hit the ground in a skewed manner. His entire body was bloody, and he was unconscious; it was unknown whether he was dead or alive. The clothes on his chest were completely blown apart. This revealed his chest that had already become so bloody and mangled that even the bones could be faintly seen. When his body hit the ground, his entire left arm was almost instantly soaked red by the fresh blood.

Yet this person was not Yun Che, but Xiao Luocheng.

It was dead silent inside the Main Palace; every single person’s eyes bulged wide open, and for the longest time, no one made a sound. Afterwards, Qin Wuyou, Sikong Han, and Tie Zhancang, all by chance, stood up together….. All the famous elders and sect leaders within New Moon City stood up at the same time; all with their widened eyes that unwaveringly continued to stare. They were making an enormous effort to try to ascertain whether or not their eyes were seeing hallucinations.

“Ugh…..”

Followed by a painful moan, Yun Che suddenly hit the ground with one knee. He violently gasped to regain his breath while his right arm powerlessly dangled down. Inside his body, his energy and blood thrashed about. A backflow of blood almost bursted out from his mouth, but he forcefully swallowed it back down. After swallowing the blood, his body felt as if it was floating…. His profound veins were thoroughly emptied, and the profound energy within his body was one and the same. And now, he was weakened to the point of being barely able to stand

He slowly lifted his head, and looked in Xiao Luocheng’s direction. The corners of his mouth silently raised to become a satisfied arc.

If you didn’t provoke me, you would still be the awe-inspiring Xiao Sect Outer Sect’s Young Sect Master, and would still be the publicly accepted number one of New Moon City’s younger generation. My arrogance is a type of self-protection. But your arrogance… is truly digging your own grave!





Chapter 78 – Crippled!


Saying that Xiao Luocheng was digging his own grave and courting death was not at all, unjustified.

If he had remained calm and vigilant when he faced Yun Che instead of being undisciplined, mocking, and lofty, he would have immediately been able to sense how dreadful Yun Che’s “Falling Moon Sinking Star” was and thereby at once, use his sect’s profound movement skill to avoid it.

Even if he could not dodge it, he could’ve immediately used all of his profound energy to protect his body…… His profound energy surpassed Yun Che by almost an entire profound realm. It was highly possible for Yun Che’s one move to not even be enough to inflict such a serious injury; it would at least, not injure him to his current state of near death.

And after that, Yun Che, who had exhausted all of his profound energy like an oil lamp exhausting its oil, could be slaughtered as he wished.

But in this world, there were only so many “what ifs”.

It was undeniable that Xiao Luocheng was clever and quite shrewd. But unfortunately, he was up against Yun Che. Yun Che had two lives worth of experience in matters of battles, life and death, escaping, and scheming. In these aspects, it was unknown how much more experienced he was compared to Xiao Luocheng. In regards to scheming and being clever, Xiao Luocheng surpassed those of the same age. However, in front of Yun Che, he simply could not even be considered beneath his shoes..

From the very beginning, Yun Che displayed clear arrogance and extreme self-confidence to the point that he condescended others. Even in front of the seven sects, he did not exercise restraint and thoroughly offended them. In the eyes of others, being egotistical was only natural given his young age and being born with such astonishing innate talent; and at the same time, it gave him an image of growing up not knowing when to hold back, and protect oneself by staying low key. The five consecutive matches earlier had also deepen this image of his for everyone five successive times. This made everyone assume that even though this Yun Che was a genius, he was still far too young, for he had the arrogance and insolence that many youngsters have, and was simply not the least bit of shrewd and scheming.

Almost everyone had believed this was so, and naturally, this included Xiao Luocheng.

Furthermore, when he stepped up, aside from his impression of Yun Che being arrogant, he also thought that he was an ignorant fool. This made him even more contemptuous to the point that he regretted stepping up to deal with this kind of “blockhead”.

Therefore, since the beginning of the match with Yun Che, he didn’t have even a trace of caution and wariness towards him. Under Yun Che’s silent lead, in the face of his second attack, he simply did not think of evading or defending, but instead loftily welcomed it. Furthermore, he only prepared seventy percent of his strength in order to dispose of him.

By the time the two fists collided and he felt something was amiss, it was already too late.

“Young… Young Sect Master!!”

After a deathly silence, an extremely terrified roar sounded. The middle-aged man who came with Xiao Luocheng frantically rushed towards Xiao Luocheng; he was almost scratching and scrambling as all the other people from the Xiao Sect Branch hurriedly followed in a flurry. As they reached Xiao Luocheng and saw his injured condition up close, the middle-aged man’s entire body trembled. He hastily reached out to grasp Xiao Luocheng’s wrist. Immediately, his complexion greatly changed; he suddenly turned his head to look towards Yun Che with an extremely malevolent expression: “You little bastard, I… I’ll kill you!!”

The middle-aged man’s body dispersed an extremely dense and hostile murderous aura as he violently roared. He abruptly charged at Yun Che as his right hand formed into a hook to grab his neck. Under the surge of the enormous profound energy, even the entirety of the Main Palace faintly shook.

Yun Che was already utterly weakened at this moment. He did not even have the energy to stand up…… Even if he was at his peak condition, he fundamentally still would not be able to survive this one strike from the middle-aged man.

“Freeze!!”

With a loud roar, another silhouette flew up from the seats like a majestic eagle and swooped down toward the middle-aged man. The person was still ten meters away, yet a wave of enormous profound energy was already launched out and forced the middle-aged man far far away.

This silhouette then also landed from mid-air and stood in front of Yun Che; it was exactly New Moon Profound Palace’s newly-appointed Palace Chief —— Qin Wuyou.

Seeing the back of Qin Wuyou who stood in front of him, Yun Che made a contented smile. He had known that with his performance today, Qin Wuyou would use his full power to protect him no matter what happened.

The moment Qin Wuyou moved, the entire palace was instantly shocked. Because that was the absolute strength of the Earth Profound Realm! As expected, this strength was extraordinary and was worthy of someone who came from Blue Wind Imperial City. The middle-aged man who was forced away furiously spoke with a gloomy expression: “Palace Chief Qin, what is the meaning of this? This little bastard actually went as far as to severely injure my family’s Young Sect Master; blood debts should be repaid in blood. Don’t tell me you’re still going to protect him?”

“Ha ha,” Qin Wuyou however, faintly laughed, and asked in return: “Since I am New Moon Profound Palace’s Palace Chief, protecting my Palace disciples is right and proper. I actually want to question you back…. You are someone of an older generation, yet you suddenly moved to harm my Palace disciple. What is the meaning of this?”

“What do I mean?” The middle-aged man ruefully laughed: “It was originally only an exchange of pointers, yet this little bastard actually heavily wounded my family’s Young Sect Master…. Right now, Young Sect Master’s left arm has shattered into twelve pieces; his entire arm can be considered as disabled. Almost half of his tendons inside his entire body has snapped, and even the profound veins are fractured; the profound energy has completely dispersed. He’s nearly crippled….”

The heart of everyone inside the palace wildly jumped once, each time the middle-aged man said a sentence. When he said “profound energy completely dispersed, he’s nearly crippled”, the Main Palace went into an uproar. The color on the faces of people belonging to Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect turned a paler shade of ghastly white.

Left arm disabled…. Almost half of the tendons snapped… Profound veins fractured, profound energy completely dispersed….

These words were undoubtedly telling them that this Xiao Sect Outer Sect’s Young Sect Master, who was the top talent, who carried the hopes of this Outer Sect in New Moon City, who was also the number one in the New Moon City’s younger generation, actually had been…

Crippled!

Crippled by Yun Che in one hit!

Almost half of his tendons snapping, signified that his originally impressive talent would become even more inferior than an ordinary person’s. Profound Veins fracturing, meant that before the mending and repairing of his profound veins, it would be impossible for him to cultivate profound energy; even if the profound vein was mended, one could only start again from scratch… From today onwards, this number one whose name even shook five hundred kilometers away, would be reduced to a useless cripple, through and through. All of his glory, would entirely disappear without a trace. What he shall receive in the future would no longer be the reverence and awe of others, but would instead be mockery and apathy, both in the open and behind his back.

In an instant, everyone felt as if an ice-cold aura had flooded into their spines and quickly spread throughout their entire body. The gaze that they used to look at Yun Che once again completely changed; from a gaze that was looking at a genius, it changed to one that seemed like they were looking at a monster.

A first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm, actually crippled a tenth ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm in one move! The person he crippled was even the Young Sect Master that Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect valued the most; the publicly accepted number one genius of New Moon City!

A first ranker of the Nascent Profound Realm was actually able to directly cripple Xiao Luocheng in one hit; however, the mind-blowing shock brought up by this fact was only secondary. Every single person was able to forebode, that an earthquake would hit Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect…. And Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect’s earthquake, would signify a great earthquake within the all of New Moon City.

This Yun Che, the trouble he had committed could be considered as the greatest and biggest in the entire history of New Moon City. They could imagine that what he would receive, may possibly be Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect’s most cruelest of revenge.

As the middle-aged man spoke these words, Qin Wuyou also froze for a bit. Never would he have thought that the power of Yun Che’s strike from before would actually be this terrifying; to unexpectedly injure Xiao Luocheng to this extent.

Even before Qin Wuyou replied, Yun Che, who was behind him already sneered aloud and slowly spoke with a feeble voice: “So? What are you planning to do? Before me and Xiao Luocheng started this spar, we had already promised each other; that no matter who received damage, and no matter how severe, we could only blame ourselves to be lacking, and would never blame the other. Furthermore, we even let everyone here be witnesses. I remember that time, you seemed to be the one who yelled the loudest. Yet now, when Xiao Luocheng received severe injuries, you suddenly wanted to attack me; is this your Xiao Sect’s way of doing things? Don’t tell me that your entire Xiao Sect is a treacherous group of despicable people, who can’t hold to their promises?”

Right after Yun Che said these words, the middle-aged man’s expression suddenly wavered, but then immediately became even more sullen. The ice-cold murderous aura passed Qin Wuyou, and tightly locked onto Yun Che’s body, for he wished that he could rip Yun Che into shreds just by using that aura: “You… Shut the hell up! Even one hundred of your lives wouldn’t match up to a single finger on my family’s Young Sect Master! If I can’t kill you today, I, Xiao Zaihe would have lived in vain!!”

After finished speaking, Xiao Zaihe took in a deep breath. His right hand swung out, and a current of storm-like profound energy shot straight for Yun Che. However, right after he attacked, Qin Wuyou waved his long sleeve and cleanly nullified Xiao Zaihe’s profound energy. He furiously growled: “Xiao Zaihe, if you dare attack my Palace disciple again, I won’t be this polite anymore!”

“You!” Xiao Zaihe was clouded with rage: “Palace Chief Qin, are you trying to shred all cordiality with my Xiao Sect!”

“Ha ha, this Qin of course never had this intention.” Qin Wuyou faintly laughed, but his expressions immediately darkened again: “However today, you violated my New Moon Profound Palace first! Before my Palace disciple Yun Che exchanged pointers with your Xiao Sect’s Young Sect Master, they had mutually promised to not pursue responsibilities no matter who gets severely injured in front of everyone. The fact that your Xiao Sect was the fastest to agree and never displayed the slightest bit of opposition, everyone in here are all witnesses! This Qin here even more so, saw and heard that clearly. Right now, you suddenly attacking my palace’s disciple, is killing without reason! For you to act in this way, was New Moon Profound Palace ever in your eyes!”

“You Xiao Sect indeed cover the sky with one hand in New Moon City. But our New Moon Profound Palace would never let you push us around while staying silent. If you dare to attack my Palace disciple again, I, this Qin, will not mind to keep everyone from Xiao Sect who arrived today, here!!”

From the start of the banquet, Qin Wuyou had always appeared very calm and modest. No matter toward whom, he always kept a smiling face; it could be said that he didn’t have the slightest bit of a sect master’s imposing aura. He looked like he was easy to get along with, and even gave of a feeling that he could easily be pushed around. But the speech at this time, every single word was ear-shaking and majestic; even when facing against Xiao Sect, there wasn’t the slightest hint of fear and submissiveness.

All four of New Moon Profound Palace’s Elders who came today stood up in excitement; the gaze in which they looked at Qin Wuyou was filled with a scorching passion. What they were currently facing was the powerful Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect; they had even never dared to think, that one day, New Moon Profound Palace would actually dare to unyieldingly speak with Xiao Sect to such an extent. Although the previous Palace Chief’s abilities were outstanding, and during his five years of appointment he was extremely dignified inside the palace, he had always been careful when facing the seven sects; even if oppressed, he would always swallow the humiliation. Especially when facing the Burning Heaven Clan and Xiao Sect; it was almost to the degree of submission.

Yet this newly appointed Palace Chief Qin, coldly faced Xiao Sect in order to protecting a Palace disciple, and didn’t even hesitate to speak out vicious words like “would not mind to keep everyone from Xiao Sect that arrived today, here”…. No! This was absolutely not just simple vicious words; Qin Wuyou’s complexion that commanded respect, as well as the aura he emitted, all attesting that…. He was definitely serious.

“You!!” Xiao Zaihe’s expression turned incomparably ugly. His Xiao Sect covered New Moon City’s sky with one hand and he had never been treated like this before. As he turned around and looked at the Xiao Luocheng’s miserable state, his entire body trembled, yet he could no longer speak any more vicious words… That “life and death consent form” earlier, with the entire audience as witness, was like a pile of feces that splattered all over his face and chest. At the same time, Qin Wuyou was able to rescind his charged attack with one arbitrary swing of a hand; which indicated that this Qin Wuyou was at least an entire profound realm above him in terms of cultivation…. Which was at the fifth level of Earth Profound Realm or higher! It couldn’t even be said how much stronger he was in comparison to the previous Palace Chief; even when compared to the Sect Master of his Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect, Qin Wuyou was in no way, inferior!

With this kind of strength, even his Xiao Sect had no choice but to fear him. It was no wonder why he dared to be so unyielding.

Since he persisted on protecting Yun Che, it was completely impossible to achieve anything with the people his Xiao Sect had brought today.

“Good, very good!” Xiao Zaihe’s lips trembled: “Today’s incident, as well as Palace Chief Qin’s words, I, Xiao Zaihe…. has firmly remembered them! Today’s favor, our Xiao Sect…. On a later day, will definitely…. Repay it a hundredfold!!”

“Let’s leave!”

As they lifted the dying Xiao Luocheng with incredible care, the few people from Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect departed in a brisk pace. As they were leaving, every single one of them all carried a heavy air that surged with hostility.

“If your Xiao Sect is willing to use Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, it wouldn’t be impossible to completely repair Xiao Luocheng’s destroyed tendons and profound veins.” Qin Wuyou said with an indifferent and calm expression as he watched their retreating backs.

Xiao Zaihe’s footsteps paused for a bit. He grimly answered: “No need for Palace Chief Qin’s reminder.… Go!”





Chapter 79 – Qin Wuyou


After the departure of those who belonged to Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect, the main palace was filled with deadly silence; some people looked at each other in dismay, some people started to gnash their teeth, and some rejoiced at other’s misfortune while some became restless.

But there was one thing that was certain; the Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect would not just let this matter rest. With the Xiao Sect Outer Sect’s power, they would never accept even the slightest bullying and humiliation, let alone the public crippling of their young sect master, who was their number one super genius that appeared only once in a century.

At this time, the entire atmosphere of the event had completely changed. The crippling of Xiao Luocheng had made everyone present, unable to have a peace of mind. Yet Qin Wuyou on the other hand, looked unexpectedly calm and composed. He turned to face the heads of the six major sects and chuckled: “This Qin is extremely guilty of letting our esteemed guests be startled. *Sigh* This was originally suppose to be a friendly exchange of pointers between two young and capable talents. Who would have thought that my Palace disciple would accidentally lose control, which resulted in such an outcome. This Qin has honestly been caught unprepared.”

“But the good thing is, before my Palace disciple Yun Che and Xiao Luocheng had exchanged hands, they promised to not look into the matter if any one of them became seriously injured. But in case Xiao Sect breaks their promise, I would like all the friends here who witnessed it to say a few words of justice.”

After he finished speaking, Qin Wiyou swept a gentle gaze at every one present. After taking note of their complexion, his gaze finally stopped on Cloudy Sun Sect’s Head Elder Yan Zizai. He beamed as he said: “This Qin remembers that the first person who stood out and offered to be a witness for the two juniors, was Elder Yan. As Cloudy Sun Sect’s Head Elder, Elder Yan’s reputation and word naturally carries a great amount of weight; if Elder Yan could say some words of justice when that time comes, I presume that Xiao Sect would not blacken their name and come make trouble without reason. Am I right, Elder Yan?”

All gazes instantly fell on Yan Zizai. Yan Zizai felt a wave of awkwardness spread throughout his entire body. After standing up, he gave a forced laugh and replied obscurely: “What Palace Chief Qin had said is naturally… reasonable. However, we cannot guess how Xiao Sect is going to handle this… This old man suddenly remembers that there are still important matters left unfinished back within the Sect that requires my immediate return… If Palace Chief Qin is free in the future, you are always welcome to visit our Cloudy Sun Sect.”

After finished speaking, Yan Zizai quickly took his sect’s disciples and quickly exited without waiting for Qin Wuyou’s reply.

With Cloudy Sun Sect taking the lead, the other sects also found various reasons to take their leave. Since such a major event occurred today, they naturally had to immediately report about it as soon as they returned to their respective sects, and discuss how to handle what was coming next. Before Tie Hengjun left, even though he hesitated for a moment, he still walked to Yun Che’s side, took out a vermillion-colored pill and softly said: “Brother Yun, this is our mid-grade Profound Recovering Pellet specially made by our Iron Spear Clan’s medical hall. It ought to help you recover faster.”

Yun Che, also, did not retreat as he reached to take the pill, and threw it straight into his mouth before smiling: “Many thanks, Brother Tie.”

Tie Hengjun hesitated a little more before opening his mouth again: “Brother Yun, Xiao Luocheng was not only the number one amongst New Moon City’s younger generation, but had even carried the hopes of Xiao Sect Outer Sect’s future. Now that he has been crippled by Brother Yun, Xiao Sect will definitely not let this matter rest. Even though this Xiao Sect is only one of the few hundred branches of the Main Sect, they still carry a large amount of power and influence; one that far surpasses what Brother Yun can imagine. They are definitely not someone Brother Yun can fight against… So, I would suggest for Brother Yun to immediately leave New Moon City; the faster the better… This is definitely not a coward’s way of running; first protect your life, and then think of what to do next. As long as you are alive, you can always come back again.”

Yun Che’s heart immediately became touched when he saw sincere concern in Tie Hengjun’s eyes. He nodded seriously: “Rest assured Brother Tie, since I dared to act in this way, I naturally thought of how I would handle the following consequences. I thank Brother Tie for his kind words of advice.”

As the guests continued to leave one after another, after a few minutes, only the people of New Moon Profound Palace were left in the hall. At this time, New Moon Profound Palace’s disciples of every rank swarmed to surround Yun Che in every direction.

“Junior Brother Yun, this is the Healing Medicine made by our Medical Department; regardless of whether it’s external or internal injuries, its effectiveness is very good.” Quite a few disciples took out the best healing medicine at hand and one after another, rushed to be the first to stuff them in Yun Che’s hands.

“Junior Brother Yun, did you really just join us Profound Department disciples today? It’s still really unbelievable; how could a genius, more talented than those in the seven sects, appear in our New Moon Profound Palace!” A seventeen to eighteen year old girl excitedly asked as her pair of pretty eyes sized up Yun Che’s body over and over again.

“Tch! So what of the geniuses in the seven sects, our Junior Brother Yun is the one who crippled Xiao Luocheng… and in only one move! Xiao Luocheng was the number one in our New Moon City’s younger generation. Since our Junior Brother Yun had crippled even him, in that case, isn’t Junior Brother Yun the new ‘Number One’?”

“Rightly said! The number one of our younger generation is actually in our New Moon Profound Palace… This is simply like a dream!”

“Junior Brother Yun, where are you from? Are you really only sixteen this year? Even though you look so young, you’re actually this strong; it’s really hard for people to believe that you’re only sixteen…”

Almost everyone’s gaze were focused onto Yun Che. Included among those were respect, worship, admiration, and of course, there was no lack of jealous envy. If Yun Che had shown his power in other circumstances, or under the stage, it would not have triggered such a result. However, in today’s event, not only did Yun Che’s strength shock the entire audience, he also helped New Moon Profound Palace get back at the seven sects after years of suppression. This made them overflow with admiration and surprise for Yun Che, along with a bit more of gratitude.

Li Hao walked over while clutching his chest. He gave Yun Che a gratified nod and said: “Junior Brother Yun, thank you for avenging my previous defeat. Even though it’s a bit of a shameless boast for me to say this, but… if anyone dares to bully you in the palace, I will be the first to not let him off.”

“Haha, count me in too.” Li Hao’s cousin, Li Haoran, also said as he laughed out loud.

“Brother-in-law, so it turns out you’re actually this powerful!” Xia Yuanba did not care about the injuries on his body and also came squeezing over. He looked at Yun Che with shimmering eyes: “I always thought that the person I would worship the most was my sister. In the future, the person I’ll worship the most will be you, brother-in-law.”

“Okay now, let’s not all crowd around Junior Brother Yun. Even though he wasn’t seriously injured, he still exhausted a large amount of profound energy. He wouldn’t be able to take all this commotion.”

Lan Xueruo could be said to have the highest reputation amongst the disciples of New Moon Profound Palace. No matter her strength, looks, temperament, or her personality, every male and female disciples within the Profound Palace were deeply subdued by her. With just a short sentence, it was enough to calm down the entire surrounding. Lan Xueruo walked to Yun Che’s side and said worriedly: “Junior Brother Yun, if you had only injured Xiao Luocheng, then all is still negotiable. But now, not only is Xiao Luocheng injured, he is also crippled. Xiao Sect will definitely come for revenge; I can’t say it for sure, but they may even come here right now. Regarding this matter, they may not adhere to their promise of ‘not looking into this matter’. Out of everyone in all of New Moon City, there are no forces who can make them uphold their promise… What do you plan to do?”

After listening to Lan Xueruo’s words, every disciples’ excitement instantly cooled down as they all became incomparably solemn. They all clearly understood how large of a force Xiao Sect was in New Moon City. In regards to this incident where Xiao Luocheng became crippled, they were able to imagine just how fierce Xiao Sect’s revenge would be. Xiao Sect’s revenge… Within New Moon City, who was able to handle it?

Perhaps Yun Che’s only choice, was to immediately leave New Moon City; the further the better.

“Heheheheh. You guys don’t need to worry about this incident.”

Following a wave of gentle laughter, Qin Wuyou walked over while chuckling: “As Palace Chief, I will naturally protect the disciples of our Palace, you guys need not worry. If I let Xiao Sect bully my disciples right after my appointment, I won’t have enough face to continue to remain in New Moon Profound Palace.”

“Honorable Palace Chief.” As Qin Wuyou approached, the disciples all respectfully greeted him one after another. Compared to former Palace Chief Zhou, this Palace Chief Qin was more gentle and also much more mysterious; his strength was even higher by who knows how many times. Even in Blue Wind Imperial City, his strength was enough to place him into the master’s ranking. In this New Moon City, his strength even more so, did not lose to any of the Sect Masters of those seven sects. The fact that such a person had actually arrived in New Moon City to become its Palace Chief, caused quite a number of people to be greatly surprised.

“Honorable Palace Chief.” Yun Che also respectfully greeted, with a somewhat bizarre gaze.

Qin Wuyou slightly nodded his head, looked at Yun Che, and asked with deep concern: “Yun Che, how is your physical condition?”

Yun Che smiled slightly: “Not so good, but if it’s just talking, there’s no problem at all.”

Qin Wuyou was stumped for a bit. Then, a helpless smile flashed across his face as he said: “In that case, then accompany me for a chat… Elders, bring the disciples back to the Profound Department. As for this main hall, get someone to clean it after half an hour.”

Since the elders knew that Qin Wuyou wanted to talk to Yun Che alone, they replied as the same time before leaving with the rest of the disciples.

As he stepped out of the Main Palace’s main entrance, Murong Ye turned around to take another look at Yun Che. Jubilation flashed across his face as he sneered at his misfortune: To actually cripple Xiao Luocheng… Let’s see how you’re going to die now!

Only Yun Che and Qin Wuyou were left in the spacious Main Palace. In the midst of the quiet, the two silently faced each other and did not speak for quite a long time. Confronting this mysterious Palace Chief who possessed such a formidable background, Yun Che’s gaze was serene; as for Qin Wuyou, he was the one who had a somewhat complicated gaze.

Finally, it was Qin Wuyou who spoke first as he bitterly laughed: *Sigh* “In my entire life full of awe-inspiring authority, I’d never expect that I would still be ruthlessly played by such a small child… Not only that, I clearly knew that I was being played, yet I still had no choice but to jump in.”

Yun Che also laughed. He laughed apologetically while giving a junior’s respectful bow: “This junior overestimated his own abilities and had let Palace Chief Qin watch such a farce.”

“You can do away with this kind of conventional talk.” Qin Wuyou waved his hand. His face became bitter before suddenly saying: “You were so sure that I would do whatever it took to protect you? This is the first time I have met you and it is also your first time meeting me. I have only arrived at New Moon City for only a month and the people I know may be plenty, but it could be said that there are none who truly know me. Then where did you get your confidence from? You must know that if I had even the slightest of hesitations, this little life of yours could have ended right here. If it was someone else, within ten of them, nine and a half would not hesitate; no matter how talented you are, they would immediately hand you straight to Xiao Sect… Who you have crippled was indeed their Xiao Sect’s Young Sect Master, and their future hopes!”

Yun Che slightly curled his lips. He looked Qin Wuyou in the eye and said: “To fully understand a person, one would normally need a few years, around a decade, or even a few decades. However, if one wanted to know a person’s fundamental nature, only observing his eyes would be enough. What does Palace Chief think?”





Chapter 80 – Yun Che’s Intentions


“Oh?” Qin Wuyou was taken aback once again, because the reply he had received from Yun Che was not one that should have come from a youngster of only sixteen. Instead, it seemed more like it had been said by a sophisticated middle-ager, or even an elderly person.

“You really believe in me that much… No, you trust your feelings to such a degree?” Qin Wuyou increasingly felt that Yun Che was unusual and out of the ordinary.

“Pretty much.” Yun Che said with a smile. But, aside from himself, no one else could have understood the real meaning behind his smile. In the past, the people who were after his life were simply innumerable and were spread all over the continent; other than that girl which he felt guilty toward throughout his entire life, every person he had met was probably after his life.

One encounter, two, ten, a thousand, ten thousand… After that, he could tell whether they had the intention to kill him with a glance into their eyes; he could separate their spoken truth from their pretense, sieve the virtuous from the evil. This was a skill one could only learn after surviving countless experiences from the brink of death. Everything from these accumulated experiences was impossible to even express with words, and was simply impossible for others to comprehend.

This was also the reason why Xiao Luocheng made up his mind to destroy him; however, he met with Yun Che’s most merciless of retaliations on the spot…. Because even if he had been more shrewd, he could not have hidden his intentions from Yun Che’s eyes that saw through one’s heart.

“That being said, even if Honorable Palace Chief’s personality had been outside of my expectations, I am after all, a disciple of New Moon Profound Palace; even if Palace Chief had wanted otherwise, it is still unlikely that you would’ve allowed others to bring harm to your disciple in your own territory, right?” Yun Che asked while smiling.

Qin Wuyou replied with a stiff face: “You only joined New Moon Profound Palace today; with your status as a new disciple, you would not be that to New Moon Profound Palace no matter how sentimental you are. However from the start, you had brought up and professed that you were a disciple of New Moon Profound Palace more than ten times, and even repeatedly brought up that you were fighting so New Moon Profound Palace would not be bullied. I had always found it rather strange at the time. Only when you methodically placed the disciples of the seven sects in checkmate; disgraced them, repeatedly provoked their bottomline, acted wildly and excessively, mocked and ridiculed them, and also spared no expense until every single one of them had been offended, did I realize that the one who had been endlessly professing himself as ‘a disciple of New Moon Profound Palace’, had done it to remind me of this.”

Yun Che did not deny it and nodded while replying with an awfully calm disposition: “As expected of Honorable Palace Chief, it was impossible to hide this junior’s thoughts from Palace Chief.”

“Hmph, you absolutely had no intention to hide it from me.” Qin Wuyou’s expression sunk: “Only, I completely do not understand the purpose behind your deliberate actions. What benefits would you gain by provoking them and inciting their rage? Don’t tell me you were doing it simply to show off. Haah, it would have been fine with just these; but after all that, you even did not hesitate to heavy handedly cripple Xiao Luocheng, do you know what kind of disaster you have wrought? Today, within New Moon Profound Palace’s territory, I can indeed protect you for the time being; but with regards to Xiao Sect’s revenge, even if they are just an outer sect, I cannot easily obstruct them.”

“I cannot easily obstruct them.” In other words, he could obstruct them; just that he would need to expend some more effort to do so. This fact caused Yun Che to feel astonished. With the kind of power and influence the Xiao Sect held in New Moon City, this newly appointed Palace Chief could actually say such words with regards to the Xiao Sect; one could as well imagine that the power backing him could not be less than remarkable.

The fact that this kind of person, of all people, had come to assume the position of New Moon City’s Palace Chief, was somewhat thought-provoking.

“This junior indeed has his own motive. But Xiao Luocheng’s matter was outside of my original intentions. I believe that with Honorable Palace Chief’s perceptiveness, it should be clear that Xiao Luocheng’s intention behind challenging me, was in order to ruin me.”

Qin Wuyou didn’t speak, and showed his tacit agreement with the expression in his eyes.

Yun Che frowned: “Against someone who I had no quarrels or enmity with, yet still wished to destroy me, I have absolutely no reason to be modest with my actions. If possible, I would kill him, and if otherwise, cripple him. Regardless of who he is, I would never hold back…. This is one of the most basic principles of how I handle my affairs.”

Yun Che words actually caused chills to run down Qin Wuyou’s spine. He noticed he was completely unable to read this youth, and wondered what kind of experiences a sixteen year old could have gone through that would result in such an expression in his eyes and character. Silently inhaling a breath of air, he avoided the topic of Xiao Luocheng and asked: “Then why exactly did you purposely provoke the seven sects?”

“I need three things.” Answered Yun Che.

“Three things?”

Yun Che spelt out clearly: “One, a person and place that would allow me to cultivate profound strength rapidly; two, enemies and pressure that would let me develop even further; three, a person who could still allow me to possess the first thing while I face against the second.”

Yun Che’s words caused Qin Wuyou feel perplexed for a while. After thinking deeply for a bit, he asked: “I still don’t understand what you’re after.”

“Very simple.” Yun Che continued: “Within three years, I want to reach the Earth Profound Realm!”

“What!” Qin Wuyou’s eyes widened: “Three years? Earth Profound Realm? What are you smoking!”

Yun Che: “…..”.

“Don’t tell me that you’re serious?” Seeing Yun Che’s current expression, Qin Wuyou felt bewildered. Standing before him, was a youth who actually proclaimed that he wanted to advance from the Nascent Profound Realm to the Earth Profound Realm, within three years! And judging by his complexion and the gaze in his eyes, he was clearly very serious when saying those words.

“Of course I’m serious.” Nodded Yun Che: “There is a reason why I need to reach the Earth Profound Realm within three years.”

Qin Wuyou fell taciturn. After a looking at Yun Che for a period of time, he suddenly spoke: “Yun Che, do you know at what age did I reach the Earth Profound Realm?

Yun Che: “……”

“When I was at the age of sixteen, my Profound strength was at the fifth level of the Nascent Profound Realm, and could be counted as my household’s top genius at that time. Of course, even though I was ahead of you by half a realm then, I still would have not been able to be your match. Later, I reached the True Profound Realm at the age of nineteen, the Spirit Profound realm at twenty-eight, and hit the peak of the Spirit Profound Realm at thirty-eight before getting stuck in a bottleneck for a full six years, to only reach the Earth Profound Realm at the age of forty-four. Even though this was so, entering the Earth Profound Realm at forty-four, I am still considered a one-in-ten thousand genius within all of Blue Wind Empire. It has been fifteen years since I entered the Earth Profound Realm, and have finally reached the sixth level… Only, within this lifetime, I probably do not have the qualifications to enter the Sky Profound Realm.”

“As for reaching the Earth Profound Realm from the Nascent Profound Realm within three years,” Qin Wuyou shook his head as he said: “At least within my entire lifetime’s worth of knowledge and news, there has never been a person who has done so. Even thinking about doing so would be too far-fetched. Not even mentioning the Earth Profound Realm, reaching the True Profound Realm from the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, if accomplished, it would be a feat rarer than phoenix feathers and unicorn horns.”

“What may be impossible for others does not mean that it would be impossible for me. Even today; would you have imagined that with my power of a first ranker at the Nascent Profound Realm, I would able to cripple Xiao Luocheng? Spat Yun Che.

Qin Wuyou’s expression turned rigid. He shook his head and laughed in spite of himself: “Looks like you were completely serious.” He sighed: “The time of youth is certainly great; no matter how daunting or difficult a goal might be, it can only cause those of us whose fates are already set in stone to feel envy, and thirst for its realization. However, after telling me so much, and even revealing your three year plan to me, aren’t you afraid that I might not even help you? Come to think of it, I don’t have a reason to help you at all. After all is said and done, this is the first day that we’ve been acquainted. No matter what your objective is, what does that have to do with me?”

“This decision is completely up to Honorable Palace Chief.” Yun Che looked straight at him and said: “About what I’ve said previously, if there wasn’t anything to pave the way before I told Honorable Palace Chief about it, I believe Honorable Palace Chief would only take it as a joke. However, after my unsparing performance at the banquet, Honorable Palace Chief should have least a shred of belief in my words; even if ninety-nine percent of it would still be disbelief. But even with only one percent of acceptance…. do you not wish to take in one who would break history and shake the continent; and know that an exceptional genius reached the Earth Profound Realm before the age of twenty, under your guidance?”

These words caused Qin Wuyou to be moved for a bit. However, he immediately chuckled: “On this point, you’ve gotten it wrong. Regarding your ambition, I quite admire it, and believe you are capable of such wild ambition and willpower. But you are still young; you are still in the Nascent Profound Realm, and you do not understand how difficult the path of cultivating the profound could be. Amongst these will be many complications and bottlenecks that cannot be surpassed with simple talent, perseverance and hard work. And I, who is still walking on the path of profound cultivation for fifty years, understand this ten times better than you do. So I can believe that within three years, it is possible to enter the True Profound Realm from the Nascent Profound Realm. However, to enter the Earth Profound Realm, I completely cannot believe it, and neither would anyone else.”

“However, with regards to today’s events, I will spare no effort in shielding you. After all, you are a disciple of New Moon Profound Palace, and I am its Palace Chief. The Palace Chief protecting his disciple; now that is only right and proper. Besides, after the banquet today, your name will definitely reverberate throughout New Moon City; so much that your reputation will be known in a thousand mile radius. My New Moon Profound Palace will also become famous because of this. If you were to one day reach the Earth Profound Realm or even the Sky Profound Realm, then New Moon Profound Palace would also be honored in your name. As for a disciple like you, New Moon Profound Palace has not seen such a talent for over a century; therefore, no matter what happens, I will ensure your safety. Of course, this is for both New Moon Profound Palace as well as myself.”

“However, what I can shoulder for you are only those that appear on the surface. The Xiao Sect will definitely have hidden methods to exert their revenge, and it would be impossible for me to completely protect you. If there ever comes a situation where I cannot reach you, you will then have to rely on yourself.”

Qin Wuyou’s words cause Yun Che to feel slightly disappointed; however, even though it was not the best possible outcome, it was still within his expectations. At once, he spoke as he clasped fists in courtesy: “I am grateful to Honorable Palace Chief for your promise. I’ve only just entered, yet I have already caused a huge inconvenience to the Profound Palace; this Junior also feels ashamed about this. However, Honorable Palace Chief can rest assured. About today’s matter, I will also put in my utmost effort to solve it on my own and not makes things too difficult for Honorable Palace Chief.”

“Ha ha, there’s no need for you to be overly concerned.” Qin Wuyou faintly smiled: “They had originally come to haze me and demonstrate who was the boss around here, yet you’ve helped me return a slap to the face back at them. Even if I disregarded my position as Palace Chief, I ought to still protect you. A word of thanks should also be natural, haha…..”

————————————

Having finished conversing with Qin Wuyou, Yun Che dragged his somewhat feeble body out of the main hall, and brooded along the way.

“It looks like you’re somewhat disappointed.” Came Jasmine’s cold and tender voice.

“That’s right.” Yun Che couldn’t help but shake his head: “I had originally wanted to use that ‘mighty goal’ of mine and today’s performance to rouse Qin Wuyou; to let him be moved to the point where he would take me in as his personal disciple. Like this, New Moon Profound Palace’s various Profound Skills and resources would become accessible at my convenience whenever possible. However looking at it, I truly was naive in my thinking.”

“Hmph! It’s the first day you two met, and he doesn’t even understand your ins and outs. How would he possibly make such a rash and impulsive decision.” Jasmine said disdainfully: “What’s more, your performance was excessively gaudy and far surpassed what others at your age should be capable of. This might let him admire you and make him unable to see through your motives, but at the same time he would instinctively be vigilant towards you, or even feel threatened. How could it possibly have gone according to what you wished for?”

Yun Che’s feet stopped, as an epiphany arrived in his heart: “You’re right. My actions were somewhat excessive.”

“What are you planning to do next? About the crippling of Xiao Luocheng, the Xiao Sect will never just let it go. Killing you right away would even be considered light!”

“This would actually be pretty easy to handle.” Yun Che nonchalantly laughed as a somewhat crafty feeling emanated from his smile: “This incident is self-inflicted by Xiao Luocheng, anyways. If I didn’t have a trump card to play at that time, the one to be crippled would not be him but instead, me. If they simply accepted this matter, I’ll also just brush this issue off. Otherwise, if they really would like to find trouble with me… I have no lack of means to put their entire sect in a situation where they’d fly like chickens and run like dogs, with their tails between their legs!”

“As for the ‘protection’ Qin Wuyou spoke of, it would be best to have it; but it wouldn’t matter even if I don’t!”





Chapter 81 – Xiao Sect’s Visit


Not long after Yun Che left New Moon Profound Palace’s Main Palace, a figure in snow-white attire, who was as beautiful as a goddess, slowly entered the palace.

Qin Wuyou was still in the main hall and had not left. It appeared as if he was thinking about how to deal with this matter between Yun Che and the Xiao Sect. As he saw the woman enter, he was startled at first; subsequently, this New Moon Profound Palace’s new Palace Chief, who was also the person within New Moon Palace that held the most authority, suddenly revealed a face of respect. He stood up from his seat, to then quickly advance forward until he was within three steps of the woman, and spoke as he bowed: “Your Highness.”

If any of the elders in New Moon Profound Palace saw Qin Wuyou unexpectedly show such a respectful attitude towards a girl, the resulting shock would definitely make their jaws drop. The woman slightly nodded her head and said: “Palace Chief Qin; regarding Yun Che, what do you think?”

Qin Wuyou thought about these words and cautiously said: “To consecutively defeat opponents who exceeded him by several levels and even someone who exceeded him by almost an entire realm, while at the first level of Nascent Profound Realm; this type of talent, I have never seen before in my entire life. If he had been born in a major sect, by this time, he may already be famous under the heavens. His future accomplishments, will definitely be boundless.”

“My thoughts are also the same. But today, he invited a great trouble. If nothing unexpected happens, within three hours, Xiao Sect will come to our doors. At that time, I wish for Palace Chief Qin to use all his strength to obstruct them and preserve Yun Che’s life.” The woman gently said.

“This……” Qin Wuyou slightly froze for a bit: “Could it be that Your Highness has….. chosen him?”

The woman nodded her head faintly, and lightly sighed: “These past few years, I’ve already searched through seven profound palaces but still couldn’t find a candidate to my liking; yet this Yun Che, has brightened my eyes.”

“Indeed, although Yun Che displayed a shocking talent, he is still only sixteen years old. Furthermore, he is only at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm. The time left between now and that grand event is only two years. His current talent within New Moon City can be considered top notch, but when compared to those monsters…… the difference is far too large. Even when compared to the top disciples of Blue Wind Profound Palace, he is quite far away.” Qin Wuyou said while perplexed.

The woman calmly replied: “It’s because, with the strength of a first ranker in the Nascent Profound Realm and under a weakened condition, he crippled an opponent who was on the verge of entering the True Profound Realm in one move. He was able to do something that no other top notch genius I’ve ever met could do; this point alone, is already enough. Although his current strength is still very weak, when he crippled Xiao Luocheng, I had a hunch; after two years, he will definitely be able to reach a height that would shock anyone.”

As she spoke to here, she smiled: “You know, the scariest thing in this world, is a woman’s intuition.”

Qin Wuyou slightly pondered, lowered his head, and then respectfully said: “I understand. Since it is the wish of Your Highness, I will preserve his life with the best of my abilities. His cultivation within the palace, I will also provide him with the greatest convenience. Only, about his background…..”

“You don’t have to worry about this point. He is Xia Yuanba’s brother-in-law; the same as Xia Yuanba, and comes from Floating Cloud City, a small city in the east. Born Xiao Clan, a small clan, and never left Floating Cloud City before the age of sixteen. Half a year ago, he was discovered to not be of the Xiao Clan bloodline and was thereby expelled. He is currently alone. In order to find a place to stay, he found Sikong Han, who was an old friend of his grandfather, and thus became a member of New Moon Profound Palace. His life is extremely simple and clean. All of this was already confirmed by Sikong Han and Xia Yuanba. Just now, I have already sent people to immediately head to Floating Cloud City to investigate; but nine out of ten, it will reveal the same things. Sikong Han would not lie to me. As far as Xia Yuanba,” the woman giggled: “Whether or not he is lying, you can tell with just a glance.”

“However, I am only tentatively choosing him; I will continue to stay in New Moon Profound Palace for a period of time and approach him as much as possible. In the end, if he disappoints me, I will select someone else. Palace Chief Qin, during the following period of time, I’ll have to leave it to you. Although it is only Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect, they will still be exceedingly difficult to deal with.”

“Heheh, Your Highness doesn’t need to worry. I’ve dealt with ten or so people from Xiao Sect’s Main Sect, so what do I have to fear from a little outer sect. Only…. it is unknown how this Yun Che came to have such an attitude and temperament; he is clearly only a young child, but his shrewdness is terrifying. Nearly everything he does, everything he says, all possess a definite purpose. Just now when I spoke with him, he was clearly standing in front of me, but I could not see through him at all. From beginning to end, his expression resembled the calmness of a corpse.” Qin Wuyou shook his head while laughing bitterly: “Even the emotionless Fen Juechen, Blue Wind Profound Palace’s number one on the Heavenly Profound Ranking, didn’t give me such a feeling. I feel that it is impossible to completely control this person; forget about whether or not he can reach Your Highness’ expectation, just convincing him to serve Your Highness, ought to be extremely difficult. Your Highness must know that, when he entered New Moon Profound Palace, he had absolutely no desire to serve the imperial family.”

“Oh?” With regards to Qin Wuyou’s evaluation, the woman’s face revealed amazement for a long time. Subsequently, she faintly laughed: “Rest assured Palace Chief Qin. About this issue, I will personally deal with it. I believe in my own foresight and judgement, and even more so, in my own capability.”

………………………………

South Moon Mountain majestically towered over the southern outskirts of New Moon City and was precisely the place Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect was located. The entirety of South Moon Mountain all belonged to Xiao Sect. Behind South Moon Mountain was a forest that continuously extended for one hundred fifty kilometers; it too, was also Xiao Sect’s land. Although this forest was not that big, it had excessively tall and lush vegetation. As a result, the forest was covered in darkness all year round, and was called the “Dark Forest” by people of New Moon City. The Dark Forest was home to an innumerable number of dangerous profound beasts. It was often used by Xiao Sect as their training grounds and each year, the death toll of Xiao Sect’s disciples numbered in the thousands.

It was after dusk and the curtain of nightfall had just descended, yet bursts of urgent shouts completely broke the silence of this Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect.

“Out of the way! Get out of the way quickly! Young Sect Master is heavily injured! Hurry and inform Sect Master and people of the Medicine Hall! Quickly!!”

Xiao Zaihe personally carried Xiao Luocheng as he rushed through the main gates of the Sect like a madman, straight for the Medicine Hall. Several people behind him also had faces full of sweat and frightened complexions. Seeing that it was Xiao Zaihe, the Sect members got out of the way in quick succession; included among those were some who raced to inform Sect Master Xiao Tiannan.

Not long after, Xiao Tiannan and two elders of the Medicine Hall hastily rushed over. As soon as he saw Xiao Tiannan, Xiao Zaihe knelt down and said with a sorrowful voice: “Sect Master! Quickly, quickly save Young Sect Master. He has sustained heavy injuries….. Even his meridians and profound veins have…. have…”

At sight of the blood-covered Xiao Luocheng on Xiao Zaihe’s back, Xiao Tiannan and the two elders simultaneously turned pale with fright. Xiao Tiannan rapidly rushed forward and his hand reached to grasp Xiao Luocheng’s right wrist. Just as he touched his wrist, he withdrew his hand like lightning as his stalwart face become incomparably savage in a flash. He grabbed Xiao Zaihe’s collar, and with a head full of a lion’s fury, he roared: “Who was it? Who was it that did this! Who did this!!”

“It was…. New Moon Profound Palace!” Xiao Zaihe’s said with a trembling voice: “Young Sect Master and a disciple of New Moon Profound Palace was exchanging pointers, and was heavy-handedly attacked by the opponent. Young Sect Master, he… he….”

“New Moon…. Profound Palace?” Xiao Tiannan’s eyes unblinkingly opened wide: “Rubbish! Amongst those trashy disciples from New Moon Profound Palace, which of them could possibly have the ability to hurt Luocheng!”

“Sect Master, calm down first. It looks as though Young Sect Master has been injured very heavily; we must first send him to the Medicine Hall at once.” The two elders behind him hurriedly stated.

“Calm down? How can I calm down? The top half of the meridians in Luocheng’s body have almost all been severed; Profound Vein shattered and almost crippled, with all of his cultivated profound energy leaked out. How do you expect me to calm down!” Xiao Tiannan roared.

“Wha…. what!?” The two elders immediately turned pale.

“Both of you, hurry and send Luocheng to the Medicine Hall! Afterwards, immediately request the city’s best physicians! Zaihe! You must tell me what exactly happened, at once! How exactly did this come about!!”

————————————————

After Yun Che returned to his living quarters, he sat upright on top of the bed and quickly entered a meditative state to slowly restore the exhausted profound energy. When he finally opened his eyes, night had already completely fallen. His profound energy had also recovered by less than half. Nevertheless, his entire body still felt the existing fatigue and prickling stabs of pain.

“Phew, finally recovered a little bit.” Yun Che moved his body about and then released a lengthy sigh: “But, this pain in my body….”

“This is the aftermath of forcibly using Evil Soul.” Jasmine coldly replied: “It’s good that you only used it for half a quarter of an hour; else, you wouldn’t just have a sore body right now, but instead have ruptured flesh and severed meridians!”

“Rest assured, my own body is the one I understand the most. When I can’t handle it, I will naturally stop.” Yun Che said with a face full of indifference. Then he sighed again and spoke: “But this ‘Evil Soul’ is merely the Evil God’s Profound Art of the first realm, yet was unexpectedly this terrifying! It actually allowed me to be completely victorious against someone at the seventh level of the Nascent Profound Realm.”

“Evil God Secret Art’s nature, is precisely ‘Berserk’! The first realm’s Evil Soul, can make your profound energy instantly increase two to three-fold; the second realm’s Burning Heart, can make your profound energy increase by three to four-fold; the third realm’s Rumbling Heaven, can increase it by four to five times; the fourth realm’s purgatory, can increase it by five to six times. The fifth realm’s Hades, can increase it by six to seven times.”

“So… terrifying?” Jasmine’s words scared Yun Che’s eyes wide open. He had personally experienced the first realm’s “Evil Soul”; that type of feeling when his profound energy all of a sudden, explosively increased, made his blood boil a little as he remembered that sensation. If he didn’t have Evil Soul, he couldn’t possibly defeat Tie Hengjun and Lu Zhannan. Also, it was not that Yun Che had never heard of this type of power, which could instantly increase his profound strength by such a large margin, but that it usually also came with an enormous price. It was only in a crisis or a situation with no hope, that one would use this extraordinary profound art; for after its execution, one would have to deal with an enormous drop in profound strength, so large that it could use up most of one’s lifespan as a cruel side effect. In addition, the increase in profound strength could not even be up to par with “Evil Soul’s” direct double amplification.

And this Evil Soul, was only the first realm!

If he reached the second realm, Burning Heart, then even if he didn’t use “Sinking Moon Falling Star”, he could still easily cripple Xiao Luocheng.

If one was able to open the third realm, fourth or fifth realm, the result was simply impossible to imagine. Perhaps at that time, even if one had reached the Spirit Profound Realm where every single level represented an enormous difference in strength, one could possibly defeat an opponent who was ahead by an entire profound realm!

“Then when will I be able to completely control Evil Soul? At what time can I access Burning Heart?” Yun Che asked somewhat eagerly.

“After the sixth level of the Nascent Profound Realm, Evil Soul can be freely used. As for Burning Heart, we’ll have to wait until you step into the Spirit Profound Realm for that possibility.” Jasmine said blandly.

At this moment, a *BANG* suddenly came from outside. Afterwards, a voice that could shake the heavens angrily roared from a distance:

“Hand over Yun Che at once! Otherwise, I will flatten your New Moon Profound Palace tonight!!”





Chapter 82 – Catastrophic Disaster


As he heard the sound that came from afar, Yun Che concentrated his gaze and jumped down from the bed. His hands touched his chin as he lowered his brow.

What ought to come, would eventually come. Although Qin Wuyou had told him that protecting disciples was a Palace Chief’s obligation, with Yun Che’s personality, there was naturally no way he would unconditionally rely on Qin Wuyou. Furthermore, he didn’t entirely believe that Qin Wuyou would completely destroy all pretense of cordiality with Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect that held the most influence within New Moon City, just for a disciple who had just entered New Moon Profound Palace… Him protecting Yun Che today, in front of everyone, could already be considered as extremely benevolent and dutiful.

The door to his room was pushed open and Xia Yuanba, who had his arm wrapped up in bandages, rushed in while breathing heavily. Because of his injured internal organs, his face still retained a sickly white color. He grabbed Yun Che, and said anxiously: “Brother-in-law! Quickly, run! It’s Xiao Sect’s people! As expected, they don’t care about the promise from before, to not pursue responsibility, and came here to capture you. Quickly leave from the back door…. I’m so stupid! I should have made you leave right after the banquet ended!”

“Yuanba, don’t fret.”

“How could I not fret! That’s Xiao Sect, Xiao Sect okay! Brother-in-law is strong, but it’s simply impossible for you to provoke Xiao Sect and get away with it. If you were to land in Xiao Sect’s hands, then… Then…” Xia Yuanba’s hands and feet trembled from anxiety. With a completely red complexion, he grabbed Yun Che’s hand and continuously tugged him outside.

“If they are here to catch me, then they will definitely not let me escape this easily. If they have people at the front gate, then the back exit and side exit ought to be already guarded too. Perhaps, they’ve even sent people to guard New Moon City’s gates. If I escape from the back door now, I’ll immediately fall into their hands instead.

Xia Yuanba instantly became stupefied. He forcefully scratched at his scalp, and anxiously spun around in circles: “Then what do we do…. what do we do.”

Yun Che patted his shoulders and comforted him instead: “Yuanba, don’t worry. Our newly appointed Palace Chief Qin is not a simple character; he should be able to obstruct them. Even if he couldn’t, I also have many methods to escape their clutches.”

“Ah? Really?” Xia Yuanba’s widened his eyes and appeared to be slightly relieved.

“Help me take a look at the front gate’s situation, remember to be careful. If they start fighting, be sure to hide as far away as possible.”

——————————————

It was night time, yet the front of New Moon Profound Palace’s main entrance was brightly lit. The atmosphere was as tense and rattling as a showdown before a duel.

Xiao Tiannan personally arrived with Xiao Zaihe, and over a hundred of Xiao Sect’s disciples also followed behind him; their rage and murderous intent viciously torrented about. The main gate of New Moon Profound Palace had already been destroyed and scattered into pieces on the ground. The New Moon Profound Palace’s disciples who guarded the doors all had their foreheads covered in sweat; they stood there trembling, and didn’t even dare to breathe loudly. When meeting an ordinary Xiao Sect disciple, they would normally automatically lower their heads. Tonight, the Sect Master of Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect actually came in person, and their hearts had almost jumped to their throats from the shock.

Qin Wuyou finally arrived with the elders and disciples and sternly spoke from some distance away: “Who is it! To dare to be so unbridled at my New Moon Profound Palace!”

“Xiao Sect’s Xiao Tiannan! You are New Moon Profound Palace’s newly appointed Palace Chief, Qin Wuyou?” Xiao Tiannan spoke with a darkened expression.

He had originally thought that identifying himself would be enough to greatly startle this newly appointed Palace Chief. However, what disappointed him was that after hearing his name, this newly appointed Palace Chief not only showed no fear on his face but instead, started to laugh: “So you are the current Sect Master of Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect. This afternoon, I had heard your son mention that your body was ill, and it was inconvenient for you to go out. I actually had wanted to make a visit tomorrow, but it seems like it’s unnecessary now.”

“Hmph!” Xiao Tiannan’s expression abruptly darkened: “You actually dare to mention my son! Palace Chief Qin, I’d like to see how you are going to account for today’s matter!”

“Account for? Account for what?” Qin Wuyou also revealed an angry expression on his face: “You Xiao Sect broke into our New Moon Palace at night without reason; destroyed our Profound Palace’s gate, and even claimed to want to flatten my Profound Palace! When saying to account for anything, you, Xiao Tiannan ought to give us an explanation instead!”

“Broke in at night without reason?” Xiao Tiannan loudly laughed and spoke with a harsh tone: “Half a month ago, I had already heard that Palace Chief Qin came from Blue Wind Imperial City with a honorable status and possessed a kind and honest disposition. However, looking at it now, you are merely a person who makes irresponsible remarks when confounding right from wrong. Your Palace disciple severely injured my son Xiao Luocheng in malice, completely broke my son’s meridians and profound veins, and thereby ruined him for life! This kind of hatred cannot be repaid even if Yun Che was hacked into thousands, or even ten thousand, pieces of mincemeat!”

“Oh, you are speaking about this matter.” Qin Wuyou’s expression shifted as if something suddenly dawned on him, and then said with a perplexed tone: “I was personally there when this matter happened, and clearly saw it happen. Don’t tell me, that this matter is the cause of Sect Master Xiao’s rage? Haha, then I really don’t understand. Before my Palace disciple Yun Che and your son Xiao Luocheng started their fight, they had formed a pact with each other; that no matter who was careless and severely injured, they wouldn’t blame the other party in the slightest. This pact can be attested by the hundreds of people who were present; every single person saw it with their own eyes, and heard it with their own ears! Even including that person behind you; he even more so, knows it clearly!”

“Since there was a prior agreement, what is the meaning of your visit and denouncement? Don’t tell me that your dignified thousand year old Xiao Sect actually had this kind of brazen custom of not upholding one’s promises? Are you not concerned that you’ll implicate your Xiao Sect’s Main Sect; to let it be criticized and held in contempt?”

Every single word in Qin Wuyou’s remarks was articulate and righteously spoken.

Xiao Tiannan’s knitted his brow greatly, turned around, and said in a low voice: “Zaihe, what’s going on?”

Xiao Zaihe lowered his head and said nervously: “Before Young Sect Master fought with Yun Che, they indeed did agree to this pact, and even especially made everyone present attest to it. But… But…”

“No need to say any more!” Xiao Tiannan fiercely swung his hands and suddenly laughed wildly: “Ha ha ha ha! What a joke! What a colossal joke! The hatred of crippling my son; how could it be written off by a mere nonsensical agreement! Even if I, Xiao Tiannan have to shoulder a treacherous blackened name in contempt for the rest of my life, I’ll still definitely take revenge for Luocheng! Qin Wuyou, hand Yun Che over right now! Don’t make me go in and catch him personally! By that time, I’m afraid that your entire New Moon Profound Palace would suffer a pandemonium so great that not even chickens and dogs would be left undisturbed!”

“Since the dignified Sect Master Xiao even threw away his face, then I don’t have anything else to say either.” As Qin Wuyou’s voice faded, the entirety of his robe suddenly fluttered without the presence of wind, and lifted up high: “If you want to take away my Profound Palace’s disciple, then you’ll have to pass through me first!”

In the past century, New Moon Profound Palace had always been tightly suppressed by the Seven Great Sects. All the palace chiefs in the past would tread cautiously lest they offended the Xiao Sect Branch Sect’s Sect Master when they met. However, not only did this newly appointed Palace Chief Qin Wuyou not yield in the slightest while conversing, but also was about to seriously clash with him. This actually caused Xiao Tiannan to be greatly astonished for a while, but then he guffawed: “Ha ha ha ha! Palace Chief Qin really has a sharp sense of integrity; to actually ignore the safety of the entire New Moon Profound Palace, for a mere disciple who had just entered the Profound Palace.”

“Haha, even if he had only joined my Profound Palace for one day, he’s still my Palace disciple! If I can’t even protect my own disciples, with what face do I have to call myself the Palace Chief of this Profound Palace!” Qin Wuyou sternly stated.

“Good! I’d actually like to see how capable you are in protecting that disciple of yours!”

The robe on Xiao Tiannan’s body also fiercely fluttered up. An enormous energy field abruptly exploded, and instantly fragmented the ground under his feet. The vast profound energy was like a net that covered the sky, and encased toward Qin Wuyou and the few elders behind him. With a low shout, Qin Wuyou horizontally pushed his right palm out, and Xian Tiannan’s profound energy collided with his in the space between them.

With a loud bang, clouds of sand and dust flew about. A huge frightening crater of seven or eight meters deep emerged between Xiao Tiannan and Qin Wuyou.

The emotions inside the Vice Palace Chief and each elder’s heart were extremely complicated. Xiao Sect’s arrival was expected, but to see that Qin Wuyou unexpectedly started to fight against Xiao Sect’s Sect Master now, they all grew apprehensive in their hearts. Yun Che indeed allowed New Moon Profound Palace to considerably bathe in glory today; it could be said that today was the day in which New Moon Profound Palace had stood the tallest in all these past years. The astonishing talent he exhibited was also a rarity of the century in New Moon Profound Palace. However, it was a fact that he had crippled Xiao Luocheng, and what kind of disastrous trouble was that! If New Moon Profound Palace wanted to protect him, then it would be necessary to become enemies with Xiao Sect; was this really worth it?

Because a possible outcome to this action, was that the entire New Moon Profound Palace would have to suffer a great catastrophe!

Seeing that Qin Wuyou actually wanted to protect Yun Che so strongly, they didn’t know whether they ought to feel gratified or worried.

In the crossing of fists between two powerhouses, one move would be enough to measure the opponent’s depth. An alarmed expression surfaced on Xiao Tiannan’s face for the first time ever. Because from that round earlier, he shockingly realized that this Qin Wuyou’s strength, was actually not beneath his at all! Along the way, Xiao Zaihe had told him that Qin Wuyou’s strength was possibly above the fifth rank of the Earth Profound Realm; he originally did not believe him. But now, he had no choice but to believe it.

Xiao Tiannan didn’t continue to attack, and spoke in an overcast voice: “As an impressively powerful practitioner at the later ranks of Earth Profound Realm, you could become a Sect Master anywhere in this continent; yet you actually came to this New Moon Profound Palace to serve as an insignificant Palace Chief!”

“No matter where I am, or what position I have; as long as it’s for the Imperial Family, this Qin would feel deeply honored and won’t have any complaints. Since I am now this New Moon Profound Palace’s Palace Chief, this Qin will naturally fulfill my obligations diligently. To protect the disciples, is over and above the most basic of duties!” Qin Wuyou stately replied: “Sect Master Xiao, please just leave. I can pretend that nothing happened today. Otherwise, not only will you not fulfill your wish, you’ll also blacken Xiao Sect’s name! As for the agreement between your son and Yun Che, there were hundreds of witnesses!”

Xiao Tiannan’s expression sunk again. After he had experienced Qin Wuyou’s strength, he knew that it was impossible for him to do as he liked tonight. He came in a hurry, and only had brought a hundred or so normal disciples. He had thought that if he personally arrived, there was no way that a mere New Moon Profound Palace Chief wouldn’t obediently hand over a disciple. Unexpectedly, this newly appointed Palace Chief was completely different from the previous Palace Chief; when faced against his Xiao Sect, he still wasn’t afraid in the slightest, and even his profound strength was not inferior to his.

“Heh!” Xiao Tiannan sneered: “If I can avenge my son, I, Xiao Tiannan, am not afraid of shouldering infamy! With Palace Chief Qin here tonight, I indeed could only leave to no avail. But tomorrow… You ought to see whether or not I have the guts to flatten your New Moon Profound Palace!”

“Flatten New Moon Profound Palace?” Qin Wuyou coldly snorted: “You have a lot of nerve! This New Moon Profound Palace was established by the Imperial Family. Are you trying to rebel?”

“Rebel? Ha ha ha ha. I, Xiao Tiannan would indeed not dare. If you had only severely injured my son, even if I was more outraged, I wouldn’t dare to actually flatten the New Moon Profound Palace. However, my son Luocheng is not simply just my Xiao Sect Branch Sect’s Young Sect Master!” Xiao Tiannan’s expression came incomparably sullen: “Right now, there is no fear in telling you this anymore. The reason as to why my son’s innate talent is extraordinary, was because he had taken the Celestial Qilin Pellet bestowed upon us by Xiao Sect! Treasures of this degree isn’t something that my mere Branch Sect can enjoy, but my son Luocheng, is the appointed grandson-in-law of the Main Sect’s Medicinal Sect’s Great Elder! The marriage was arranged four years ago, and the Celestial Qilin Pellet was then bestowed; the engagement banquet was held only half a year ago! And the wedding is scheduled to take place in half a year!”

As these words left Xiao Tiannan’s mouth, Qin Wuyou’s expression that had stayed as calm as water, all of a sudden drastically changed. The elders and disciples behind him also revealed extreme shock and fear on their faces. Far away, Lan Xueruo’s tender body that leaned against a corner trembled as the same horrified expression emerged on her face…..

Crippling a Young Sect Master of Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect and crippling the grandson-in-law of a Xiao Sect Main Sect’s Elder, were two completely different concepts!

One was a huge trouble!

The other was a catastrophic disaster!





Chapter 83 – A Period of Ten Days


Even though Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect was a big sect that reigned over one side, in the end, it could only reign over that one side. They indeed were subordinate to Xiao Sect; however, in the eyes of Xiao Sect’s Main Sect, other than their regular tribute every year, the existence of these Branch Sects were not important. There existed over a hundred of these Branch Sects in the Blue Wind Empire; but even with them all combined, their power wouldn’t even match up to a tip of the Main Sect’s iceberg.

A Branch Sect wouldn’t dare to offend the Imperial Family. If it was merely New Moon City’s Xiao Sect Branch Sect, they could utter vicious words like “Flatten New Moon Profound Palace”, but they absolutely wouldn’t actually dare to do so. If they provoked the Imperial Family because of this and the Imperial Family decided to destroy them, the Main Sect may not even bother to care. But the Xiao Sect’s Main Sect was an existence that even surmounted the Blue Wind Imperial Family! Unless their doctrine was disregarded, even the Blue Wind Imperial Family absolutely wouldn’t dare to hurt a person who belonged to Xiao Sect’s Main Sect.

If what Xiao Tiannan had said was the truth, then Xiao Luocheng’s identity, which was the Young Sect Master of Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect, had become someone who belonged to Xiao Sect’s Main Sect in one leap. These two identities were as different as heaven and earth! The latter, was like a mammoth mountain that pressed down upon New Moon Profound Palace’s members; a pressure that made them suffocate.

If it was so, then the trouble Yun Che had brought about, was a catastrophe through and through! If the Main Sect’s side held him responsible, let alone an insignificant New Moon Profound Palace, even if it was the Blue Wind Imperial Family, it would be impossible to protect him. If this matter was to enrage Xiao Sect’s Main Sect, then forget about Yun Che himself, even the ones who shielded him would meet disaster! For them to destroy a New Moon Profound Palace, it wouldn’t even take the effort of blowing dust off one’s hands.

“Are those words…. true?” Qin Wuyou tightly knitted his brow. His palm was already full of cold sweat. He had never anticipated that this incident actually involved Xiao Sect’s Main Sect. Not to mention him, even if Blue Wind’s emperor was present, he’d be so scared that he would break out in cold sweat.

“Humph! Matters involving the Main Sect, I wouldn’t dare to lie even if I had ten times the guts!” Qin Wuyou’s reaction was completely out of Xiao Tiannan’s expectations. He continued to speak sternly: “Since this Yun Che had only entered your New Moon Profound Palace today, I didn’t blame you, and only need you to hand over Yun Che. This is already giving your New Moon Profound Palace an astronomic opportunity and face! Otherwise, once the Main Sect’s side becomes enraged, this New Moon Profound Palace will no longer exist from now onwards!”

“Also, before I arrived, I had already used a Sound Transmission Talisman and reported this matter to the Main Sect’s Medicinal Sect’s elder Xiao Wuji! Ten days at the latest, Elder Xiao Wuji will definitely send personage here! Perchance, he may even personally come! Palace Chief Qin, if you are to still remain stubborn and unrepentant, then when that time comes, not only would it be impossible for you to shield that Yun Che, who deserves death by a thousand cuts, even you and this entire New Moon Profound Palace would be dragged into it!”

The unexpected fact that Xiao Tiannan had already informed the Main Sect about this matter…. once again, transformed the complexion on Qin Wuyou and the other elder’s faces.

“Palace Chief, Xiao Sect’s Main Sect is fundamentally not something we can offend. Yun Che had only entered our Palace for one day, yet Palace Chief Qin didn’t even hesitate to go against the Branch Sect’s Sect Master in order to protect him; it could already be considered to be extremely benevolent and honorable! With the situation now, turning him in is also for the entire New Moon Profound Palace. Absolutely no one will voice any criticism.”

“Haah, that’s right. Yun Che is indeed a prodigy, but alas, he brought such disaster upon himself. Looks like his fate does not cross with our Profound Palace. Palace Chief, you should turn in Yun Che after all. Otherwise, if it really implicated our Palace, the consequences would simply be unthinkable.” Another elder also said while sighing.

Qin Wuyou’s complexion was dark and uncertain. His gaze slightly veered off to the side and looked at a person in the corner…. And the other party’s head lightly shook back at him.

Qin Wuyou’s eyebrows all of a sudden, tightly knitted together. After slightly clenching his teeth, he eventually let out a sigh and said: “If Sect Master Xiao’s words are true, then it is indeed impossible for our insignificant New Moon Profound Palace to protect him, and would even light a fire on ourselves. However, I am incapable of giving him to you now. Even if Xiao Sect’s Main Sect was the cause, I still wouldn’t have enough face to remain in New Moon Profound Palace, and New Moon Profound Palace would also be labelled as a cold and ruthless place!”

Xiao Tiannan’s eyebrows sunk. Then, he coldly laughed: “What you’re saying is… That your New Moon Profound Palace would rather bear the disaster of annihilation, and continue to protect this Yun Che?”

Qin Wuyou shook his head: “It’s certainly impossible for this Qin to disregard the safety of New Moon Profound Palace. However, this Qin has a compromise to propose. Sect Master Xiao said earlier, that within ten days, Xiao Sect’s Main Sect would have personage come here to deal with this incident. Then, how about Sect Master Xiao allow me ten more days? Within ten days, we definitely will oust Yun Che from New Moon Profound Palace. At that time, he will no longer be my Palace disciple and my Palace will naturally have no reason to shield him any longer. His life and death, would then be in his own hands. Since he is currently a disciple, it is absolutely impossible for me to hand him over.”

Xiao Tiannan stared fixedly at Qin Wuyou for a while, and then slowly nodded: “Palace Chief Qin is a man of honor after all. You have my, Xiao Tiannan’s admiration! Fine, I’ll allow you these ten days! That Yun Che is already a dead man; his death is only a matter of time! In honor of Palace Chief Qin’s prestige, I’ll grant ten more days to his life! However, I hope that after these ten days, the noble Profound Palace wouldn’t do anything to make matters difficult for my Xiao Sect.”

“Let’s go!!”

Xiao Tiannan was also worried about Xiao Luocheng’s condition. Since he wasn’t able to personally kill Yun Che tonight, he didn’t waste more time; with a commanding shout, he turned around and left straight away.

“Sect Master, are we really leaving just like this?” Xiao Zaihe said, with a face full of unwillingness, as he followed behind Xiao Tiannan.

“Hmph! Not only is that Qin Wuyou unyielding in attitude, his strength is also not inferior to mine. In addition, what I’ve brought today were all normal disciples; if we went at it head on, we would instead be at an disadvantage.” Xiao Tiannan coldly said: “Even if I brought enough forces to forcefully attack the Profound Palace, we’ll definitely attract troubles from the Imperial Family. He wants ten days, and I exactly want to wait for these ten days! After the arrival of the Main Sect’s people, let alone a little Yun Che, this New Moon Profound Palace, will also bear the consequences!”

“But within ten days, it’s easy for many unforeseen events to occur. What if by chance, that Yun Che brat manages to escape this New Moon City….”

“Hmph! What a joke! Since he is within this New Moon City, how could he escape the palm of our Xiao Sect! In this period of time, send personnel to keep a close eye on New Moon Profound Palace’s exits. If Yun Che is discovered to have left, capturing him alive would be best; if that’s not possible, then kill him on the spot! Remember to also send personnel to keep an eye on the city gates too.”

“Yes!”

————————————————

“Brother-in-law! Not good!”

Xia Yuanba rushed back into Yun Che’s room while burning with anxiety, and told what happened earlier in as much detail as possible with a head full of sweat. He then spoke in a panicked tone: “Not good! Brother-in-law! You must leave this place right away…. This incident actually involves the Xiao Sect’s Main Sect, how could this be!”

“Xiao Sect’s Main Sect….” Yun Che instantly thought of that Xiao Kuangyun, and his brow slightly sunk a little. He then laughed coldly in his heart; it seems like him and this horde of people surnamed Xiao, were fated to go against each other in every way.

“But even if it’s like this, Palace Chief Qin unexpectedly did not immediately turn me in either. This is actually a bit strange.” Yun Che stroked his chin. The incomparably oppressive force that the Four Major Sects possessed were unrivaled in Blue Wind Empire. Once these Four Major Sects were involved, no one would dare to not immediately lower their heads. Although Qin Wuyou was very daring and resolute, he was clearly a rational person. On a matter that involved the Xiao Sect’s Main Sect, he actually did not immediately choose to turn him in. Rather than to let both him and the New Moon Profound Palace stay out of this, he instead insisted and struggled for these ten inconsequential days….

Rather than feeling moved, Yun Che instead, felt that this was strange.

After all, he wasn’t even Qin Wuyou’s benefactor, nor was he a close relative. He had only entered the Profound Palace today, and had even brought a great trouble right after, like an ominous star. It was understandable to protect him when facing Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect earlier since he had exhibited an extremely astonishing talent. But to do so even when faced with the might of Xiao Sect’s Main Sect… This was quite illogical.

“Junior Brother Yun, may I enter?”

At this time, a gentle girl’s voice came from outside the door. Yun Che promptly froze for a bit before standing up to speak: “Senior Sister, please enter.”

As the door was pushed open, Lan Xuerou’s impeccably charming face that was white as the snow’s luster, appeared inside Yun Che’s vision. Xia Yuanba hurriedly greeted her, and said with distress: “Senior Sister Xueruo, you came at just the right time. Hurry and think of a way to help my Brother-in-law; he must not fall into Xiao Sect’s hands. Otherwise, otherwise….”

“Sigh!” Lan Xueyou quietly sighed, and softly said: “I too, did not expect that this matter would actually become like this.” After speaking till here, she finally noticed that Yun Che’s expression was actually extraordinarily calm. Let alone fear and dread, there simply wasn’t even the slightest hint of anxiety. She instantly felt a little surprised, and said: “Junior Brother Yun, what do you plan to do next?”

“Heh heh!” Yun Che laughed somewhat slyly. His gaze fell onto Lan Xuerou’s impeccably perfect face, and replied with a grin: “I haven’t planned anything for tomorrow yet; but today, I naturally want to enjoy Senior Sister’s concern…. I didn’t think that in times of trouble, not only would I have Yuanba, I also have such a beautiful and gentle Senior Sister who cared about me. All of a sudden, I feel like I’m actually pretty blessed.”

The atmosphere that was suppose to be tense and stifling, was effectively turned ludicrous by Yun Che’s few sentences. Lan Xueruo faintly heard a slight peculiarity in Yun Che’s words, and spoke with a somewhat awkward tone: “Even though you’ve only joined the Profound Palace, I’m still your Senior Sister after all; it’s only natural for me to worry about you. This incident of yours involves Xiao Sect’s Main Sect and it’s even possible that your life will cease to exist from now on. The Profound Department had finally gotten such an elegant and talented little Junior Brother, but he’s going to be gone this soon; Senior Sister here, is really reluctant.”

Yun Che stared at Lan Xueruo for a moment. Then, his face eventually became disappointed as he sadly said: “I’m already very happy with what Senior Sister has said. Even if I died under the hands of Xiao Sect, I still have a pretty Senior Sister who would occasionally remember me.”

“Brother-in-law!” Xia Yuanba forcefully clenched his fist: “You won’t die under the hands of the Xiao Sect. Even if I have to risk my life, I’ll still protect you while you escape out of New Moon City! As long as you leave New Moon City, they’ll never be able to find you in this vast Blue Wind Empire.”

Yun Che smiled at Xia Yuanba, but did not speak.

Lan Xueruo suddenly stated: “Junior Brother Yun, you do not have to be too pessimistic. I…. I may have a plan that can save you.”

“What plan?” Yun Che and Xia Yuanba simultaneously asked.

Lan Xueruo seriously thought about it and then slowly replied: “Blue Wind Imperial City is my hometown and one of my household members will come to bring me back home in ten days. When that time comes, I could also tell him to bring you along when we leave. Not only is that family member’s profound strength quite formidable, he will also be bringing a high level profound aerial beast with him. Even if this Xiao Sect Branch Sect discovers that he wanted to take you away, they would certainly be unable to obstruct his path.”





Chapter 84 – The Only Possibility….


“Really? Is what Senior Sister saying, really true?” Xia Yuanba whose heart was in panic, shouted in extreme excitement as his eyes suddenly brightened after hearing Lan Xueruo’s words. It was as if he had suddenly grasped a life-saving straw amidst his despair.

“When have Senior Sister ever lied to you before.” Lan Xueruo said with a faint smile: “It’s fortunate that Palace Chief Qin didn’t immediately hand you over, but instead struggled for ten more days. Otherwise, even if I had a way, this would essentially be impossible to do within such a limited time.”

“That’s great!” Xia Yuanba’s face flushed bright red. He then hurt his internal injuries under the excitement, which caused him to grimace from the pain.

Yun Che looked at Lan Xueruo with a shocked expression for a long time, and dubiously smiled: “Senior Sister Xueruo, to be so compassionate toward me, don’t tell me… You’ve fallen for me? Even though I know that my appearance can be considered perfect when it comes to men and I also quite like Senior Sister Xueruo, but in the end, I’m already a married man. Does Senior Sister Xueruo really not mind it a single bit?”

“I mind your head!” Lan Xueruo didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, and pouted her charming lips: “I, Lan Xueruo, undoubtedly wouldn’t be interested in a little brother who’s younger than me, and one who’s even married! As to why I’m helping you, it’s only because I am your Senior Sister, and it’s just convenient that it’s along the way.”

“Mhm mhm!!” Xia Yuanba nodded his head, and heartfeltly said: “Senior Sister Xueruo had always been like this. No matter toward whom, she’d all be extremely gentle and caring. When I had just entered the New Moon Profound Palace, I didn’t know anyone surrounding me at all. Moreover, since I entered Class One with only my miniscule profound strength, I had encountered a lot of criticism and mockery. It’s all thanks to Senior Sister Xueruo, who cared a lot about me. Senior Sister Xueruo, is the most gentle and benevolent person I’ve ever met.”

Every time Xia Yuanba mentioned Lan Xueruo, his eyes would always shine and his face would be filled with fondness and admiration; it was as if he had virtually thought of her as a goddess-like character. However, Lan Xueruo indeed possessed that kind of gentle, amiable disposition, temperament, and charisma.

“That’s for sure.” Yun Che also nodded in deep thought: “Senior Sister Xueruo is so beautiful, she must be a transformed angel from the heavens, which is why she’s so kind and gentle… However, Senior Sister, are you honestly not considering someone younger than you who’s already married? In fact, younger men who are already married possess many merits that old bachelor men would never have, for example…”

Lan Xueruo really could not continue to listen anymore, and spoke while faking a stern face: “Within ten days, do you want to go back to the Blue Wind Imperial City with me or not?”

“Yes yes yes yes! Of course!” Before Yun Che even answered, Xia Yuanba had already panickedly nodded in agreement, for fear that Lan Xueruo may go back on her words. Originally, Xia Yuanba was deeply worried that Yun Che simply had no way of escaping this catastrophe. Lan Xueruo’s offer, was no different from a pleasant surprise that fell from the sky; no matter what he said, he’d have to tightly grasp this chance.

However, Yun Che instead thought for a moment, and said somewhat cautiously: “Senior Sister, I really appreciate your kind thought. However, for this matter, what I’ve offended is the Xiao Sect’s Main Sect. If Senior Sister takes me away, and they persisted to investigate and hold you accountable…. I don’t want to involve Senior Sister, and Senior Sister’s family.”

Lan Xueruo softly smiled and said: “At least you have some guilty conscience, and actually know how to worry for Senior Sister’s sake. However, since I dared to help you escape out of New Moon City, I naturally have enough assurance to not light fire onto myself. You can be completely at ease about this; I’m not stupid to the point of joking around with me and my family’s life.”

“Although Xiao Sect’s people left, there must still be people keeping an eye on the gates. If you were to leave, you may fall into their hands right away. So, in these few days, you ought to just earnestly stay in the Profound Palace and not go anywhere else at all. After my family arrives, I’ll immediately take you and leave. After arriving at the Blue Wind Imperial City, it should be completely safe.”

Lan Xueruo spoke with a very certain, and also relaxed tone; it was clear that she wanted to make Yun Che feel at ease as much as possible. Yun Che also hesitated no longer, and gratefully said: “Then… Senior Sister, when the time comes, everything will rest on your shoulders. After this disaster passes, I’ll certainly repay Senior Sister’s lifesaving grace.”

Lan Xueruo’s pink lips slightly curled up, and her eyebrows curved into two delicate crescent moons: “If you want to repay Senior Sister, then just safely stay here and protect your own life. The day of you repaying me will only come if you’re still alive.”

“Mn! I’ll follow Senior Sister’s words.” Yun Che nodded firmly. Then, his tone suddenly changed as he asked: “Senior Sister, that… do you have any profound beast’s profound core? Low level ones are fine. And if you don’t have any, where can I find one in the Profound Palace?”

“Profound Core? What do you need a Profound Core for?” Lan Xueruo questioned.

“It’s a secret for now. Don’t tell me Senior Sister really has one?” Seeing Lan Xueruo’s expression, Yun Che’s eyes brightened.

For a long time, Lan Xueruo felt about the space inside the spatial ring on her slim finger, and then took out a dim colored round bead: “I only have one of the lowest grade Nascent Profound Cores on hand. I acquired it a while ago from a Scarlet Drill Lizard. However, Palace Chief Qin should have a few True Profound Beast Profound Cores. If you need it, I’ll…”

“A Nascent Profound Core is enough.” Yun Che extended his hand and took the Nascent Profound Core from Lan Xueruo’s hand. His heart settled instantly.

Common Beasts do not possess any Profound Cores within their body. Starting from Nascent Profound Beasts, Profound Cores would exist in all adult Profound Beasts, similar to the Profound Vein’s core inside the human body. Nascent Profound Cores were the easiest to acquire out of all Profound Cores, and their prices were also the lowest; they were usually around a dozen to a few hundred Yellow Profound Coins. However, with each rank higher in quality, its price would multiplicative increase. In the Blue Wind Empire, any single Earth Profound Core could be sold at an astronomical price. At the Sky Profound rank, they would be priceless treasures. And as for Emperor Profound Cores, they were essentially considered things from the legends.

During his trip to New Moon City, Yun Che had indeed acquired quite a few Nascent Profound Cores. However, he had used all of them in order to synthesize higher ranked Profound Recovery Pellets. He had carried the pig iron on his back all along the way, so Profound Recovery Pellets had almost been treated as food.

“Junior Brother Yun, you should also be exhausted today, so you should rest early. You don’t need to think too much about anything else. With Palace Chief Qin here, Xiao Sect wouldn’t do anything reckless in these ten days. As long as these ten days pass, I can absolutely guarantee your safety.”

“I understand, Senior Sister… Senior Sister ought to rest early too.”

Lan Xueruo brought along a fragrant orchid breeze as she departed with slow steps, and left behind the Yun Che who was deep in thought.

“That’s great Brother-in-law! Since Senior Sister is so sure about this, then we’ll be able to save you and help you escape.” Xia Yuanba said with a face full of excitement. “Eh…. Brother-in-law? Why do you seem to not be that happy? Is it because you don’t believe Senior Sister Xueruo?”

“Yuanba, are you related to Senior Sister Xueruo?” Yun Che asked coldly.

“Nope. Why is brother-in-law asking that?” Xia Yuanba rubbed his head.

“Then, have you or your family members ever saved Senior Sister Xueruo or her family members before?”

“That’s also a no! I’ve never even seen her relatives before. What’s more, with my low profound strength, there’s no way I would be able to save Senior Sister Xueruo. There’s even less of a need to speak about my family members.”

“Then that’s rather odd.” Yun Che pondered deeply as he rubbed his chin with his right hand: “We aren’t related in any way and we’ve only made some small talk; why would she want to help me without cause nor reason?”

“Oh! You’re talking about that. Brother-in-law, you’re seriously thinking too much into it; I’ve told you this before, Senior Sister Xueruo is just that kindhearted of a person. When I first arrived in New Moon Profound Palace, I was also unrelated to her in any way yet she helped and looked after me a great deal. Every senior brother and sister within the Profound Palace really like her a lot.”

“No, this is different.” Yun Che, however, shook his head and said with a serious expression: “She helping you, can be accepted as her nature, and I wouldn’t find it to be odd. However, to take me and escape New Moon City is an entirely different matter! She clearly understands that this trouble I brought about had already implicated Xiao Sect’s Main Sect…. Even though I don’t feel too pleasant toward Xiao Sect’s people, I can’t help but to admit that they possess an enormous influence which could cover Blue Wind Empire’s sky with a single hand. How many people in the entire empire can remain calm when hearing the two words “Xiao Sect”! And how many would dare to offend Xiao Sect? And how many, would dare to brave the risk of being involved, and help a person who offended someone from the Xiao Sect, escape their punishment?”

Xia Yuanba opened his mouth, but was speechless.

“If it was a friendship of life and death, this would be understandable. However, I’ve only known her for a single day, and we’ve barely talked with one another; there is no grace nor resentment between us, yet she wants to brave such a huge risk to bring me out of New Moon City. It really is too strange.”

“Also…. Yuanba, you guys are in the same class. Have you ever heard her mention about returning to Blue Wind Imperial City these few days? Or see any signs of that recently?” Yun Che asked.

Xia Yuanba became stupefied. Then, he carefully thought about it and shook his head: “I don’t think so. But it shouldn’t be necessary for her to tell us in advance that she’s returning home.”

“Having never said a word about returning to Imperial City before, yet now she suddenly wants to go back after ten days; while the time that Palace Chief Qin obtained for me, also happens to exactly be ten days…. This is too much of a coincidence.” Yun Che murmured.

Hearing what Yun Che said, Xia Yuanba also started to feel that something was a little off. He naturally knew of Xiao Sect’s strength. To brave the mammoth risk of provoking the Xiao Sect in order to save a person whom she only knew for a day, who had nothing to do with her; thinking about it like this, it indeed was way too strange. Because even if there was the slightest of carelessness, it would become a disaster of total annihilation! He scratched at his scalp, and fiercely shook his head: “No no! Senior Sister Xueruo is such a kindhearted person, it’s not possible for her to have any utter motives towards Brother-in-law. Besides… Besides Brother-in-law is not a rich person, or even some kind of master; if we were to say that she wants to save you because of some objective, what could she even be aiming for?”

“This is also the place I find strangest.” Yun Che looked up, extended his hand and touched his face, and said in a low voice: “So… When I asked Senior Sister ‘Don’t tell me, you fell for me’ earlier… I absolutely wasn’t joking around. To make a girl do something to this extent for a man that she had just met, the only possibility I can think of, would be that Senior Sister Xueruo, toward me…. Mn, it’s love at first sight.”

“Whaa!?” Xia Yuanba’s legs went limp, and he almost kneeled in front of Yun Che out of shock.

“First of all, I don’t have influence; second, I don’t have strength; third, I don’t even possess the most vulgar of all things, money. Rather than that, I actually brought disaster onto myself. Then, the only thing that Senior Sister Xueruo would covet from me, would be my beauty. A woman is a kind of sentimental creature; if she falls for a man, it would be possible for her to do anything, no matter how exaggerated and crazy. To brave such a huge risk and rescue me would then be absolutely normal.”

“Fufu…. As expected, regardless of the location, this era of appearances is unable to be altered. Not only is a good looking face a type of strong capital, it can even sometimes save one’s life.” Yun Che said as he pinched his cheeks. It was not known what he was thinking as he grinned and suddenly laughed out loud.

No matter how Xiao Yuanba looked at Yun Che’s smile, he could still see a kind of lecherous intent mixed within. His eyes opened wide as he stared and stuttered: “Bu… Bu… But… Senior Sister is so beautiful, so gentle, and there are so many people who likes her! How is it possible that she… Senior Sister Xueruo had also said before, that she didn’t have any interest at all in anyone younger than her and who’s also married. This…. This…”

Yun Che rolled his eyes at him, and leisurely replied: “Yuanba, you really don’t understand women. Women are creatures who like to contradict themselves. If she says that she doesn’t like anyone younger, that would mean she actually likes someone who’s younger than her. If she says that she doesn’t like someone who’s already married, that would mean…. Uhh….” Even Yun Che himself felt that this explanation was kind of nonsensical, but he had to bite the bullet and continue:

“…. Although this fetish may be a little special, it’s possible that married men are just her type.”

“~！@#￥%……” Xia Yuanba became frantic: “That can’t be it! When Senior Sister Xueruo was here a moment ago, why didn’t Brother-in-law just ask her?”

“Can’t ask.” Yun Che shook his finger before Xia Yuanba’s eyes and seriously spoke: “Men do not like women who are too clever, and women also don’t like men who are too clever. If I had asked, it would’ve really spoiled the fun.” After speaking to here, a peculiar profound light entered Yun Che’s eyes: “My guess from before was the only possibility I could think of at that time, so I too, do not know whether it was right or wrong. But what’s certain is that she wants to capture me and turn me into some ‘prey’ of hers. And I….” The corner of Yun Che’s mouth curled up: “Am the same! What happens next, is determined by who succeeds first! If she wins, then I’ll do as she desires. If she loses, hehehehe….”

Xia Yuanba: “…..”





Chapter 85 – It’s Impolite to Not Return a Favor


The curtain of night fell and time was approaching midnight. The New Moon Profound Palace was also completely peaceful. Yun Che had not fallen asleep yet; he continued to meditate for some time, and finally restored about half his profound strength. When he opened his eyes, his consciousness sank into the Sky Poison Pearl.

The world before his eyes immediately became emerald green. He was almost about to look for the Nascent Profound Core he had gotten from Lan Xueruo, but as soon as he took a step, he stopped in place and was spellbound by the scene in front of him.

In this endless aquamarine world, a fresh-faced girl dressed entirely in scarlet had her eyes closed as she quietly laid there. She seemed to have no sense of security; her legs were bent, for her entire person was curled up like a small kitten. There was no coldness, nor murderous intent…… Only a kind of feeling that would make one want to tenderly and affectionately, embrace her in their bosom.

Yun Che’s footsteps stopped at that place. He didn’t move forward, but instead withdrew silently.

When he came in again, he carried a thin blanket in his hand.

As he quietly arrived at Jasmine’s side, Yun Che softly bent at the waist. Jasmine was still asleep and was currently unable to use any profound strength. She had thoroughly let her guard down within this completely independent space, and as a result, did not sense his approach.

She spends most of her time sleeping inside the Sky Poison Pearl, but I had actually forgotten to prepare a soft bed for her.

Yun Che felt somewhat guilty as he gently spread the blanket open.

Seeing Jasmine up close was a complete, visual enjoyment. This was because of just how adorable she was; her exquisitely tender face was as clear as crystal and as pretty as a picture. Her skin was white like snow, and her long eyelashes were as thin as cicada wings. In the wake of each and every trembling breath, her entire adorable face that was peerless beyond compare, was breathtakingly beautiful.

Her blood-red hair that spread on the floor almost blended together with her luxurious red dress. It accentuated her jade-like face, her vermillion colored lips, her snow-white arms with a hint of pink, and her milky snow-white legs under the dress, into something that struck the chord of one’s heart even harder. Her petite and tender body under the contour of the dress was even more so, indescribably charming and attractive. This Smoky Fairy Dress was exceedingly expensive and was not something that any ordinary girl could properly wear. But on Jasmine’s body, it was inexplicably harmonious. It was as if only this sort of extremely extravagant garment, was worthy of Jasmine’s noble aura, which she inadvertently revealed…. And was also worthy of her status as a princess.

Yun Che couldn’t help but squat there and watch her for a long time, and wasn’t even willing to move his gaze away. Her snow-white delicately small nose moved slightly to accompany her breathing as a small pool of saliva also hung on the corner of her pink and tender lips. She had also unconsciously held the tip of her right hand’s index finger between her slightly opened lips. Her sleeping posture was no different than that of an ordinary girl’s…. It should be said, that she was still a little girl to begin with.

However, that excessively curled up body, clearly revealed that she had an even less sense of security than an ordinary girl.

Gently, Yun Che pulled up the blanket that was unfolded, and covered it on top of Jasmine’s body.

As if she felt the feeling of the blanket on top of her body, Jasmine’s eyes slightly quivered, and then little by little, her hazy eyes opened.

Yun Che’s hand stopped in midair, and formed a somewhat awkward smile as he thought about what to say, but then saw that Jasmine’s eyes had become more and more blurry. Slowly, a thin layer of mist was actually cast upon them.

“Elder…. Brother….”

Her gaze penetrated through the mist, and looked at Yun Che mindlessly. From her mouth, a dreamlike murmur sounded.

“…..” Yun Che opened his mouth. Even though Jasmine’s eyes were open, she was evidently not fully awake, and even regarded him as someone from her dream.

Elder brother? Did she dream of her dead elder brother?

A petite snow-white hand extended out and gently grabbed the center of his hand. Jasmine looked at him blankly, as a trace of heartbreaking sorrow hid behind her voice: “Elder Brother… You came into Jasmine’s dream again… To see Jasmine?…..”

Yun Che kept his entire body still and for a while, didn’t know whether or not he should speak. At this time, he saw that the mist in Jasmine’s eyes had finally condensed into a teardrop, and slowly slid down from her white and spotless face…. At the same time, her hazy and blurry gaze started to become clear, little by little.

A surge of strong energy came from his hand and pushed him, making him fall on his butt. Jasmine had already stood up, and a pair of charming eyes brimmed with the icy aloofness that Yun Che was familiar with. Only that droplet of tear seemed to have escaped its owner’s awareness and still hung on her pink and tender cheeks: “What are you doing in here!”

“To give you a blanket, of course.” Yun Che stood up and raised the blanket in his hand. He then said while smiling: “But I seemed to have interrupted your sweet dreams…. Uhm, in these few days, I’ll prepare a comfiest princess bed for you. I actually had always overlooked this matter.”

“No need.” Refused Jasmine.

“This is absolutely necessary. I also often slept on the ground, and understand how uncomfortable it is to sleep on the floor. I’m a rich person now, I can at least afford a comfortable bed.” Yun Che said with a proud face as he waved the purple gold card he had taken out from who knows where.

Jasmine didn’t continue to pursue this matter. It was unknown whether it was a silent affirmation or she if she just didn’t care. Her petite face tensed as she asked in an icy tone: “What exactly did you come in here for? It can’t be as simple as delivering a blanket to this princess, is it?”

“Uh, there indeed is another matter.” Yun Che slightly narrowed his eyes: “You were sleeping earlier, so you shouldn’t know this yet; but as expected, Xiao Sect came to find me, and even brought me ‘big’ message… Since Xiao Sect has come here to trouble me, it would be impolite for me to not return them anything; I’ll naturally have to send them a huge present back!”

“What are you planning to do?”

“It’s very simple.” Yun Che made a mysterious smile. He opened his palm; in his palm, there rested the Nascent Profound Core he obtained from Lan Xueruo, along with the Emperor Profound Dragon Core from the Flame Dragon: “This method, is only doable with the Sky Poison Pearl. To ensure perfection, it’s best to do so from the inside of the Sky Poison Pearl. After it’s completion…. It’ll be absolutely flawless!!”

————————————————

The time slowly approached midnight.

New Moon Profound Palace’s main gate were destroyed, so there were a few more disciples on night duty. At this time, the people who entered and exited the New Moon Profound Palace were very few in number.

At this moment, a Profound Palace disciple in a black attire walked toward the Profound Palace gates while yawning, and arbitrarily greeted them as he came close: “Senior Brother Zhan, Junior Brother Fang, you’ve worked hard on night duty.”

“Yo! Junior Brother Li, where are you going in the middle of the night?” Yelled the one named Senior Brother Zhan.

“Mm, going out to buy something.”

“Going out to buy something in the middle of the night? Hehe, we’re all men here, you don’t need to hide it.” Another person slyly laughed.

The disciples on night duty instantly broke out in laughter, and another person said in a quiet voice: “In the first place, beautiful girls are few in numbers inside this Profound Palace. It’s hard for a young man to restrain his hunger and thirst while guarding his room alone in the middle of the night, so it’s perfectly understandable to look for some fun outside. If Junior Brother Li is going to ‘buy things’ at the Floating Flower House, remember to mention my name; you may even get a twenty percent discount!”

“Screw you guys! You’re not allowed to tell others that I’m going out tonight!”

“Understood, we all understand!”

Within the understanding men’s eyes and laughter, “Junior Brother Li” swaggered out of New Moon Profound Palace. Just as he left, a few stealthy eyes quickly swept across his body a few times before withdrawing.

There were already very few pedestrians on the streets of New Moon City and most of the shops were already closed. “Junior Brother Li” walked toward the south while humming a cliche tune that he heard from who knows where, and was quickly submerged inside the darkness of the night. After another short while, a middle-aged man who wore a black cloak and a bamboo hat that covered his cold and stern face, walked out from the darkness and heavily beelined toward the direction of the Black Moon Merchant Guild.

The Black Moon Merchant Guild was opened twenty four hours a day, and was not even closed during the night. In order to prevent accidents, some owners of precious items often chose to do business with the Black Moon Merchant Guild in the dead of night.

This was Yun Che’s second time entering the Black Moon Merchant Guild, and his disguise was the same one he had used during his first. Similarly, the store also did not have any other customers, and only had a thirty something year old man who stood behind the sales counter. Not only that, it seemed that it was the same clerk he had seen from before.

Hearing the sound of entering footsteps, the clerk did not even look up as he lifelessly said with a blank expression: “Buying or selling.”

“Tell your manager to come out.” Yun Che said in an ice-cold, harsh voice.

The clerk lifted his head and was just about to say something, until he all of a suddenly clearly saw the attire and face of the middle-aged man in front of him. After being stupified for a brief moment, his entire person bounced up from his seat like a spring, and spoke in a flustered tone: “Est…. Esteemed Customer, please wait a moment! This little one will immediately call out the manager.”

After speaking, the clerk panickly ran upstairs.

Not wanting for Yun Che to wait too long, Pu He simultaneously straightened his clothes as he hurriedly came down. When he saw Yun Che, his complexion tightened, and then hurriedly approached. Along the way, he greeted him: “So it’s actually Esteemed Customer. This Pu had recently just fallen asleep and had made Esteemed Customer wait in vain for so long; that is indeed not a light offense. I don’t know why our Esteemed Customers has arrived so late at night. Is there something this small store can possibly do for you?”

“I need you to do me a favor.” Yun Che stretched out his left hand, and spread it before Pu He’s eyes. As soon as Pu He’s gaze lowered onto his palm, a crimson colored profound core suddenly appeared out of thin air: “I want you to buy this Emperor Profound Dragon Core!”

As he saw the profound core that had emerged out of nowhere in Yun Che’s hand, Pu He’s entire body trembled, and even his teeth almost could not help but tremble as well.

He saw very clearly that Yun Che was not wearing a spatial ring. That profound core from just now, indeed emerged out of thin air. And in this situation, there was only one possibility…. He had heard that when one’s profound strength reached the Sovereign Profound Realm, one could use their profound energy to open up their own little space; so there simply was no need for any spatial rings. Things could be stored in their own little space, and they would never have to worry about it being stolen.

The Profound Core taken out by this man in front of him just a moment ago, had clearly appeared from nowhere!

Could it be that this person’s cultivation was already…. already….

Sovereign Profound Realm! This world-class level of existence was only seen in the Sacred Region and the Ocean Palace Region. Could it be, that this monstrous person actually came from those places? If one were in that realm, wanting to annihilate all of Blue Wind Empire could be said to be as effortless as blowing off dust!

Pu He was definitely not a timid person; on the contrary, he had lived through countless hardships, and gained an extensive amount of experiences. But when faced with a world-class expert who was probably at the Sovereign Profound Realm, even if his state of mind was ten times as strong as it was now, it was still impossible to keep calm; for even his speech was affected: “E-E-Esteemed Customer! It’s not because Pu He doesn’t want to buy this Emperor Profound Dragon Core, but that this Emperor Profound Dragon Core is just a priceless treasure that I would not even dare to dream of buying. This small store is only a tiny branch of the Black Moon Merchant Guild’s, so I truly do not have enough money to put forth.”

“I only need fifty thousand purple profound coins.” Yun Che coldly said as he slapped the Emperor Profound Dragon Core on the counter.

“W…. Whaa!? Fifty thousand purple profound coins?” Pu He’s eyes widened as his lip quivered. He almost thought that there was something wrong with his ears.

Fifty thousand purple profound coins was undoubtedly an astronomical number. This was an entire five hundred million yellow profound coins! It was enough to support a wealthy household for more than a dozen of lifetimes! But this price was barely enough to buy a low leveled Sky Profound Core; as for an Emperor Profound Core, forget about fifty thousand purple profound coins, even five hundred thousand purple profound coins was essentially not enough to buy it!

In all of New Moon City, items that could be sold for fifty thousand purple profound coins were pitifully few in number. But selling this Emperor Profound Dragon Core for fifty thousand purple profound coins… was simply the same as giving away money!





Chapter 86 – Unrivaled Genius Doctor


“Fifty thousand purple profound coins, you didn’t mishear. Are you buying or not?” Yun Che said with an expressionless face. His voice, carried a heavy pressure.

“This…… this…… this….”

When Pu He previously said that he still wouldn’t be able to afford this Emperor Profound Dragon Core, even if he sold off this Black Moon Merchant Guild’s branch guild, he wasn’t exaggerating in the slightest. Even if he was given ten times the courage, he still wouldn’t dare take advantage of this frightening middle aged man. But right now, he actually wanted to sell this Emperor Profound Dragon Core for fifty thousand purple profound coins…… Pu He was even more unwilling to dare buy it. Because it was just too cheap; it was cheap to the point where he wasn’t bold enough to buy it. But at the same time, he wasn’t bold enough to refuse a person who was able to “open” a dimensional rift. As a result, in the face of this huge bargain, his head was full of sweat. Both his hands trembled as he timidly cowered for a long time and was unable to say a single word.

“Humph! I know what you’re thinking. Don’t worry, I won’t hurt you. I’m giving you an enormous bargain.” Yun Che coldly said: “Give me the fifty thousand purple profound coins and this Emperor Profound Dragon Core will be entrusted to you. However, it will not belong to you; moreover, you can’t let anyone know that you have this core in your possession. Afterwards, within ten days, you must sell it to the Xiao Sect branch in New Moon City! As for how much money you can sell it for, that depends on your own ability! I believe this time’s difference in price, is enough to equal several years of this small branch’s income!”

“Previously, you generously gave me a Smoky Red Fairy Dress, and I don’t want to owe anyone anything. This can be considered a reciprocation. After that, there will be no relation between us, and we won’t owe each other anything!”

These words, made Pu He’s heart beat violently; particularly the last couple of words, which at the same time, incomparably excited him, and removed most of the worry in his heart. Replacing it, was a feeling of joy and inspiration so overwhelming that it was indescribable. If Yun Che didn’t have a reason and wanted to sell this Emperor Profound Dragon Core for a price of fifty thousand purple profound coins, he definitely wouldn’t dare to buy it; but if there was reason, this was an entirely different story. Besides, this wasn’t merely a sale, it was using this place as a “middleman”; he, Pu He had no power to refuse.

The last few words, was like giving him half a tranquilizer…… To be able to open a dimensional rift, what kind of character was that! These figures naturally possess extreme dignity and arrogance, so how were they willing to owe people favors? Even if it was an extremely small favor. Even less needed to be said if it was an insignificant person’s favor!

As for the free gift of an expensive Smoky Red Fairy Dress worth five hundred purple profound coins, this could be considered a huge favor.

At that time, Pu He observed his words and gestures, and perceived that he might not be able to afford the Smoky Red Fairy Dress. As a result, he endured the pain of giving it away for free to Yun Che, so he could earn a favor… Unexpectedly, he returned it so quickly, and the bargain he earned was so great!

Pu He reached out with his trembling hands to grasp that small Emperor Profound Dragon Core. As soon as it reached his hands, he completely believed that this was indeed the core from last time, and it was definitely not a fake. The odor of the Emperor Profound Core, which was also the odor of a dragon core, was basically impossible to imitate and fake. He cautiously said: “This small shop would naturally be honored to have the privilege of serving esteemed customer. Only….. only, could esteemed customer divulge a little, as to why you want to sell it via this small shop, to Xiao Sect? If esteemed customer wishes to give a present to Xiao Sect, wouldn’t it be better to give it in person? If it is just a simple sale, this price of fifty thousand purple profound coins is simply way too low….. Esteemed customer must not be angry. This Pu knows that asking such a question is somewhat impolite, but this Emperor Profound Dragon Core is simply too precious. If my heart cannot feel even the slightest bit of ease, I simply would not be able to rest or eat in peace.”

Yun Che didn’t reveal an angry expression and replied with a cold face: “A few years ago in New Moon City, I unintentionally received a favor from Xiao Sect. I intend to leave New Moon City tonight, and would probably not return in the future. I don’t want to owe anything, and this profound core is useless to me, so I’ll just give it to them. But that small kindness during that time, is not worth this Emperor Profound Dragon Core, so thus, exchanging it for some coins and then giving it to them, just happens to also clear the score between you and me.”

“So it’s like that.” This explanation was very reasonable. Pu He’s heart sighed a long breath of relief and at the same time, blushed with shame….. A magnificent Emperor Profound Dragon Core had been called a “useless” object from his mouth. Which means that at his level, a mere Emperor Profound Core was honestly no different than any thing of lower quality.

“But, the price at which it’s going to be sold to Xiao Sect, can it really be decided by this small shop?” Pu He cautiously asked.

“It shall be up to you. But it has to be at a price that they’re able to afford!”

“This is only natural, this is only natural.” Pu He quickly nodded and his heart moved so fast that a spark almost bursted from within. He roughly knew how large Xiao Sect’s family fortune was; from this transaction, he would definitely be able to earn a basinful of profit! Enough to equal ten years of this entire branch’s income!

As Yun Che watched Pu He, his gaze became as overcast as stagnant water: “I’ll think of a way to drop hints to Xiao Sect before leaving the city. A few days later, they’ll naturally come to buy it! Before that, you must not leak even the slightest bit of news about this Emperor Profound Dragon Core. When Xiao Sect comes to buy it, you also, definitely can’t reveal any sort of abnormality. Furthermore, you must not let them discover any trace of anything that shouldn’t be discovered. I believe that since you’ve been working in the Black Moon Merchant Guild for so many years, you should understand better than I, about what you should do.”

“If you dare to pocket this Emperor Profound Core, or if some mishap was to happen……” Yun Che’s eyes darkened, and an ice-cold murderous aura was momentarily emitted.

Pu He’s entire body went cold, as if he had suddenly been dropped into a freezing hell. His entire body started to shiver uncontrollably as he promptly panicked to open his mouth and shout: “No, no, no, no way! That definitely won’t happen! Even if I had guts as big as the sky, it is still absolutely impossible that I would dare to pocket esteemed customer’s belongings. This time, esteemed customer has given us a huge favor. This small shop will naturally and flawlessly, follow esteemed customer’s instructions. In the thousand year legacy of my Black Moon Merchant Guild, we have always been fair and impartial, and would never cheat a customer. If there happens to be any mishaps, forget about esteemed customer, even the main branch would definitely not let us off lightly. Esteemed customer, please feel a hundred more times at ease.”

After Pu He finished speaking, his entire body was drenched in cold sweat and his legs also uncontrollably trembled, to the point of being unable to stand steady. The sinister killing intent, on top of the reverence of facing someone strong enough to be able to “break open a dimensional rift”, almost scared the shit out of this person who experienced half a life’s worth of hardships.

“Do you have any beds for girls in this place?” Yun Che suddenly asked, as he retracted his murderous aura.

In response to the question about the bed, it took Pu He a full three seconds to make a turnaround as he hurriedly nodded his head: “Yes! Yes!”

Fuck! They even have this!

Yun Che spoke without thinking, and unexpectedly, this Pu He seriously nodded his head…. This motherfucker! Does this Black Moon Merchant Guild have anything that it doesn’t sell?

“Three streets over, there’s a shop that specializes in making all kinds of expensive furniture. They previously sent over a White Jade Princess Bed to this small shop to put on auction, but because the minimum price was too high, it was unable to be sold, and this small shop was preparing to send it back. Only, I don’t know whether or not it would meet esteemed customer’s satisfaction.”

Pu He took a few steps back, and took out a cyan-colored spatial ring. The spatial ring’s various ranks corresponded to its colors. The most common was silver colored, which only had about a cubic meter of space. Next were yellow colored rings, which had about three to five cubic meters of space. The cyan colored rings, however, had ten cubic meters of space, and could accommodate “huge objects” smaller than ten cubic meters, but its price was also incomparably expensive. In all of New Moon City, people who could afford to use this cyan colored spatial ring, could be counted using a single hand.

With an excessive amount of work, Pu He finally managed to take out the “white jade bed” he had talked about from within the spatial ring.

This bed was extremely big and wide. It was enough to fit three fully grown people without a problem. The entire bed frame was made of white jade, the four bedposts were completely embedded with silver colored phoenixes, and on top of the post were four bowl-sized precious luminescent night pearls; it was extravagant to the extreme. But the bed curtain that was made of slightly pink-colored thin veil and lace, and the few hundreds of light pink star crystals that hung from above, proved that this was indeed a bed made for a girl. Soft mattress and bed sheet were already laid out on the bed, and even a blanket was prepared. No matter the bed sheets or bedding, they were all pure white and faintly brimmed with a white jade’s luster, which clearly was made from the highest quality of silk.

Yun Che looked at it until he was stupefied; because even in his two lives, seeing such a luxurious bed was still a first.

“This bed was made from the finest jade from the Cloud Mountain. Even the star shaped crystals that hang from the bed curtains were made from the extremely expensive and rarely seen Star Jade; when a girl lies on top of it, it can help nourish the body, calm the heart, ward off evil spirits, and drive away illnesses. The mattress was also made from the finest heavenly silk; an inch of it would be worth a thousand gold. Even when compared to the bed of the Imperial Family’s princess, it is definitely not inferior. At the time of the auction, six hundred purple profound coins as the starting price was not excessive in the slightest. But this New Moon City is, in the end, too small; even if one’s family fortune was immense, there was still nobody willing to spend so much money for their daughters. In the end, it failed to be sold. But if it catches Esteemed customer’s eye, then that could be considered as its extremely good fortune.”

Yun Che reached out his hand to stroking the bed, and at the same time, asked in his mind: “Jasmine, do you want this bed? The feeling of sleeping on this bed and sleeping on the floor, is completely different.”

“….. Buying it or not is your business! This princess doesn’t care, hmph!!”

The tsundere answer made the corners of Yun Che’s mouth slightly draw back. He then clapped his hands together, and said: “This bed, I’ll take it!”

After he finished speaking, he lightly touched the top of the bed with his palm, and instantly retrieved the bed into the Sky Poison Pearl.

This scene, made Pu He’s throat utter forth a *gulp* sound with difficulty.

“Fifty thousand purple profound coins. Deduct this bed’s money and hand it over.” Yun Che looked at Pu He with side of his eyes.

Pu He hastily nodded. He turned around and fumbled for a long time until he took out a card that glimmered with purple light. He brought it out in front of Yun Che with both hands: “There are fifty thousand purple profound coins on this card. Would esteemed customer please look over it….. This White Jade Princess Bed will be considered as returning the huge favor esteemed customer had granted this little shop. I wish that you will kindly accept it.”

Yun Che also stopped being finicky, and reached out his hand to receive it. He glanced at the numbers inside, and then put it away.

“Esteemed customer, your daughter is truly fortunate to have such a considerate father like you.” Pu He said with a respectful smile as he bent his body.

Yun Che no longer spoke as he aloofly turned around and left the Black Moon Merchant Guild. Pu He was left behind, trembling with excitement as he held the Emperor Profound Dragon Core that glimmered with red light..

After leaving the Black Moon Merchant Guild, Yun Che didn’t return to New Moon Profound Palace, but instead, headed straight for the southern part of the city. Soon enough, his silhouette very quickly, submerged into the darkness of the night.

————————

The next day, the sky had just hazily brightened, yet the streets were already full of people. An unfamiliar face appeared on a certain street in the southern part of the city. This person looked to be forty or fifty years old. He was slim and wore a plain robe, white hat, and his black hair was long enough to reach his chest. His face could be considered to be gentle and elegant and he even had a little sage-like air about him.

He carried a medicine box in his left hand, while raising a huge banner with his right. Written on the banner were a few large crooked words.

“Unrivaled genius doctor, no disease unable to cure.”

“If unable to cure, cut off own JJ.”

(TL: JJ is Chinese slang for d.)





Chapter 87 – Quite The Coincidence!


Once this “Genius Doctor” appeared, he immediately attracted the gaze of all the passer-bys. It was clear that he had picked up a rag from who knows where and had turned it into a banner, and swayed it back and forth. It was unknown that how many people were blinded by the foolishness. The sixteen words crookedly written on there emitted a deep lunatic air; furthermore, it actually rhymed so well!

“Where the heck did he come from? He looks so shabby, yet comes out this early to put on airs and trying to swindle people.”

“Ah, nowadays, there seems to be more and more swindlers about. Even claiming to cut his JJ, tsk tsk…… It’s likely he doesn’t even have a JJ, right?”

“Claiming to be an unrivaled genius doctor, my ass! If there was anyone who actually believed this, they’d be a fool!”

Let alone a stall, the middle-aged “genius doctor” didn’t even have a chair. With his banner held up high, he walked a whole three rounds from the back street to front street but did not meet a single patient that was willing to come up to him. Most of the people looked at him as if he was crazy, and even the young ladies he occasionally passed by would gasp and move out of his way while blushing.

“What does ‘Cut own JJ’ mean?”

This was already the eighth time that Jasmine had asked him.

“It really doesn’t mean anything! I simply wanted to make it rhyme!” Yun Che very patiently explained with a serious face.

“This princess doesn’t believe it!”

“Then what else can it mean? You can read it: Unrivaled genius doctor, no disease unable to cure; If unable to cure, cut off own JJ! See how smoothly it flows! If you were to change it to cutting own’s wrist, cutting own’s throat, or cutting own’s meridian and so on, how awkward would that sound when read; the artistic conception is more than a world’s difference! As for this JJ, it really isn’t anything specific, and it’s simply for making it rhyme, it’s to rhyme!” Yun Che persuaded patiently, as he slowly wiped his forehead that was full of cold sweat.

He has always viewed Jasmine like a little monster due to her strength and would sometimes unconsciously forget how old she really was. The normally omniscient little Jasmine, was unexpectedly unable to comprehend the concept of ‘cut own JJ’; ever since these four characters were written on the banner, she has been constantly asking, asking, and asking about it like an inquisitive child……

After the eighth time Yun Che explained it to her, she appeared to have finally believed it and didn’t inquire anymore.

“Haah, it’s really hard being a traveling doctor nowadays. There hasn’t even been a single person inquiring about my service. I’m not gonna have to go setup shop, am I? Not only would that waste time and money, it might even become suspicious and ruin my plans.” After making the fifth round, Yun Che started to twist and groan in his mind.

At this moment, two people entered the street from the East while looking around. They were moving with hurried steps with bitter faces, as if they were just hit by a great misfortune.

“All the reputable doctors in the city have already been invited. Even the chief doctor and pharmacists from the sect have been asked to come. In the end, all of them have been useless. If this continues…… Where the hell are we supposed to search!” One of them bitterly groaned.

“Aiya, as a group of two, we’re not allowed to return if we can’t find a doctor. From the looks of it, I don’t think there’s any hope of us returning today.” The other gloomily stated.

“A few groups of brothers have already talked about going out of the city to search, how about we try searching outside the city as well? Even though it’s far, it’s better than returning empty-handed and getting punished.”

As the two were talking, they suddenly raised their heads, and saw that raggedy banner swaying back and forth not ten steps away from them.

“Holy shit! Unrivaled genius doctor?” Their eyes lit up immediately.

“Oh forget it, you can tell he’s a swindler with just one glance. A mere traveling doctor, actually dares to claim to be a genius doctor.”

“Who cares! We were instructed by our superiors to find a doctor, and here he is! Who cares if he’s real or not! If he is a fraud, he’d naturally be put in place. Let’s just think about completing our task. And who knows, he might actually have a bit of skill in practicing medicine.

“That’s true! Let’s go!”

The two made the decision, and quickly rushed in front of the ‘genius doctor’: “Genius doctor, our sect’s Young Sect Master suffered a grave injury yesterday and is in urgent need of a genius doctor. Since you’re claiming to be a genius doctor who can cure anything, then you can definitely treat our sect’s young sect master’s injury without any difficulties. Please come with us back to our sect right away.”

One stood in the front, while the other stood in the back with the ‘genius doctor’ caught in the middle; the posture was part invitation and part coercion. The “genius doctor” glanced at them, and muttered in his mind: Young sect master? Gravely injured…… This can’t be a coincidence, right?

The ‘genius doctor’ stroked his long beard and calmly asked: “Treating diseases and saving lives is the duty of a doctor, this old man will follow you back right away. Dare might I ask……Which sect are you from?”

“You’d be scared to death once we tell you which sect we’re from.” The two stuck up their noses and stated with a proud face: “It’s none other than the number one great sect in New Moon City, Xiao Sect! If you’re able to cure our sect’s Young Sect Master’s injury, our sect absolutely won’t treat you badly; not only would you be rewarded greatly, your fame would also spreaded throughout all of New Moon City. But if you’re not able to heal him. Hoh hoh……”

Xiao Sect…

Holy crap!

Yun Che’s eyebrows, which he had meticulously groomed, twitched as he moaned to himself: What the fuck…… I’m way too in luck! I had originally planned to exhibit my art of healing and spend three days to become famous in this New Moon City; then news would reach Xiao Sect’s ears and they would come to invite me over… Everything was logically planned out! In the end, I didn’t even find a single person to treat yet, and Xiao Sect had already come knocking on my door!

His face and attitude immediately turned proud, and had the altitude of an expert as he chuckled: “A doctor practicing medicine does not care about family background nor the financial situation. After all the years this old man has practiced medicine, there hasn’t actually been a single disease or injury this old man could not treat. Let’s go, take this old man to your sect.”

Listening to how confident he was, it appeared as if he might actually have a bit of skill. However, the two did not really care; the only thing that mattered was to lead him back to their sect. One led the way in the front, and the other followed in the back; it was as if they were afraid that this ‘genius doctor’ would run away and make it impossible for them to complete their task.

————————————

Upon entering Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect, Yun Che’s first impression was that it was big! Extremely big!

The entire sect was located at South Moon Mountain and spanned several kilometers away from the foot of the mountain, yet they had only entered the outer ground of the sect; the core of the sect was located on top of South Moon Mountain. This entire mountain belonged to the sect. As Yun Che walked on the mountain roads, he sighed in his heart… In Floating Cloud City that he came from, Xiao Clan was considered the biggest clan. But if compared to this Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect, it was too small to even be seen. If one really wanted to compare, it was estimated to be even smaller than one percent of this Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect.

If a little branch sect was already like this, one can only imagine how big Xiao Sect’s Main Sect was like.

Along the way, Yun Che tried very hard to memorize the route they had taken. But after several turns of going up left and right, even with his extremely great memory, his mind still became a muddled mess. Finally, he helplessly came to the conclusion that… Unless if one had lived here for several months, it was impossible to not get lost in here.

If that was the case, the method of escape after succeeding, instead turned into a huge problem…… Oh well, things would just have to be taken one step at a time.

After walking for a long time, and through at least a dozen profound strength inspections, he was guided to the branch sect’s medicine hall that was near the mountain peak.

Xiao Tiannan had not slept for the entire night.

After causing a ruckus at the New Moon Profound Palace and returning, he had not left the medicine hall at all. Looking at Xiao Luocheng’s half dead state, it could be that his heart was utterly torn and was in a mess. The sect doctor of the medicine hall simply didn’t know what to do with Xiao Luocheng’s injuries…. Strictly speaking, he simply didn’t dare to handle it.

The left arm had been shattered into twelve pieces, the upper body’s meridians were entirely broken, and the profound veins had completely ruptured…… Regardless of which area, there was only one method for a complete recovery; it was to use the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal. The Purple Veined Heaven Crystal contained a feeble force of divinity; no matter which part of the human body was injured, it was possible to be perfectly restored when using it. To possess enough Purple Veined Heaven Crystal was equivalent to possessing another life. However, first and foremost, one would need a high leveled doctor who had the ability to use this sort of world-class treasure, that was the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal.

Xiao Sect indeed possessed a small palm sized chunk of a Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, but it could be considered the most precious thing in this entire branch sect. But for Xiao Luocheng, the branch sect brought it out. However, whether it was people from their sect or from the city, nobody knew how to use the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal. It was because even a piece the size of a fingernail was considered invaluable. Not to mention touching or using it, very few had even seen it before. Even though a few medical books had written accounts of it and some of the doctors knew it by heart, absolutely no one dared to utilize it…. Because any slight mistake would waste the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal. If Xiao Luocheng remain uncured; the consequence was quite obvious….. A quick death would even be considered light.

It was common sense that regardless of how high a person’s former innate talent was, or how large of a hope was placed on that person, once he was crippled, he would become useless. It simply wasn’t possible that anything would be spent on him thereafter, because it would just be a complete waste. But Xiao Luocheng was different, he still had the status of being the grandson-in-law of a Xiao Sect’s Main Sect’s elder. The entire Branch Sect in New Moon City had been counting on Xiao Luocheng’s status to change their fortunes. A huge reason why Xiao Wuji was willing to betroth his own granddaughter to Xiao Luocheng, was because his innate ability was considered to be pretty good. Even in the Main Sect, it would be considered as above average. But now that he was in this state, there was probably only one outcome; and that was for Xiao Wuji to break off this marriage.

When Xiao Tiannan had been tyrannically shouting about how Xiao Luocheng was still considered to be a Main Sect Elder’s grandson-in-law at New Moon Profound Palace’s gate, he frightened the entire New Moon Profound Palace, but at the same time, he himself was actually more nervous than anyone. If the people Xiao Wuji had dispatched, saw the condition of Xiao Luocheng’s injury and turned away, he would only be able to hopelessly weep. They would no longer waste a single thought on a cripple; this would definitely be the most normal of outcomes.

So no matter what, Xiao Tiannan had to come up with any way to restore Xiao Luocheng’s condition before the people from the Main Sect arrived; even to the point that he didn’t hesitate to bring forth his important treasure, the Purple Veined Heavenly Crystal. Of course it was impossible to restore profound strength, but if the Purple Veined Heavenly Crystal was able to restore his merdian, his profound veins, and regain his original aptitude, then even if he didn’t have any profound energy, he would still no longer be a cripple. At worst, he would just have to start from the beginning. The chance of Xiao Wuji breaking off the marriage would also be much lower.

This entire night, Xiao Tiannan had his people search high and low for almost all the doctors in New Moon City. This also consisted of each and every doctor and pharmacist. But none of them dared to utilize the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, nor could they come up with any other method of treatment. As Xiao Luocheng’s injured state dragged on for a day, the hope for a cure also became even more uncertain. Xiao Tiannan worried so much that it even caused a few strands of his hair to turn white; he hated Yun Che to the bone.

“Sect Master Xiao, this old man is truly powerless and ashamed.”

“Young Sect Master’s injury is too severe. This old man is incompetent and can only prescribe some medicine to temporarily stabilize his condition. As for a cure…… Aiya.”

“Perhaps the only thing that can cure Young Sect Master’s injury is the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal. However, this is still the first time in this old man’s life that he has seen this divine object and truly lack the ability to handle it.”

………………

“Quacks! All a bunch of fricking useless quacks and trash!” Xiao Tiannan profusely yelled at them as he trembled from head to toe.





Chapter 88 – One Finger Profound Opening


In the face of Xiao Tiannan’s condemnation, all of the doctors lowered their heads. They were furious but didn’t dare to speak. They murmured in their hearts: With such an injury, he can be considered crippled for life; it’s possible to save his life, but it’s impossible to heal him! Even though there are Purple Veined Heaven Crystals here, how can anyone in this small New Moon City know how to actually use it. To have the ability to utilize the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal; that was only possible for the head doctors of the Imperial City and those super sects.

At this time, Xiao Zaihe walked up and whispered beside Xiao Tiannan: “Another doctor has arrived.”

“Let him in!” Xiao Tiannan said with a cold face. Clearly, his heart had already turned into ash, and didn’t have any hopes for these New Moon City’s doctors. If he were to invite skilled doctors from the Imperial City, putting aside whether or not they would be willing to take the long journey to come here; just the time it took to travel here, may already render it too late even with the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal. It was more so impossible to send Xiao Luocheng to the Imperial City. With his current condition, not to mention ten days or half a month, even a single day of bumpy traveling would be too much to bear.

Yun Che walked up with slow steps. One of his hand carried a medicinal case and the other, astonishingly, was still holding up that flag.

When the people in the room finally saw the two lines of words he had written on his flag clearly, a few had immediately sprayed out in laughter. Xiao Tiannan’s brows were also one up and one down; then an expression of outrage emerged on his face. As he was just about to make Xiao Zaihe throw out this fellow that obviously looked like a swindler, he instead heard what this “genius doctor” had said: “Oh? This luster… I didn’t expect that there are actually Purple Veined Heaven Crystals in this little New Moon City. It really is worthy of the biggest sect of New Moon City. However, this Purple Veined Heaven Crystal’s purity is slightly inferior, at only six and a half out of ten; it certainly is a little regrettable. But to heal ordinary wounds, this would be enough.”

As these words came out, everyone present was instantly shocked. It wasn’t rare to be able to recognize a Purple Veined Heaven Crystal. Even if one haven’t eaten pork before, one would still recognize a pig running; the records and legends about Purple Veined Heaven Crystals were countless. But to tell the purity of Purple Veined Heaven Crystal at a glance; it would be impossible to do so unless it was someone that knew Purple Veined Heaven Crystal extremely well.

Could it be, that this person was unexpectedly very familiar with Purple Veined Heaven Crystal? Or was it… That he made everything up? Right! He must have been talking out of his ass. This person was entirely an unfamiliar face and he had never been heard of in the medical world. Also, this attire was almost like sticking the two words “con man” onto his face…. The doctors thought in their hearts like this, one after another.

But right away, they instead discovered that Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Zaihe simultaneously revealing a expression of shock.

“You can identify the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal?” Xiao Tiannan said with his brows knitted as his heart trembled; because the purity grade of the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal that this “genius doctor” had uttered, was actually not off in the slightest! This piece of Purple Veined Heaven Crystal had always been the most valuable treasure of his sect, and was always hidden in the most covert of places; only a few people in the sect had ever seen it. Word of its purity, was even more so, impossible to have been leaked out.

He could actually tell the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal with a single glance… Without frequent contact with the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, one definitely wouldn’t be able to achieve this! Could it be that this traveling doctor that appeared to be a swindler, no matter how you looked at him, was really a genius doctor?

“Heh heh, of course I recognize it. As a medical practitioner, how could I possibly not know one of the most valuable of medical treasures.” Yun Che faintly laughed in a mysteriously profound manner.

“Then do you know how to use it?” Xiao Tiannan took a step forward as his voice became somewhat hurried.

Yun Che glanced at Xiao Luocheng who was on the sickbed, and said: “Of course I do. However, honorable Sect’s Young Sect Master’s injuries, does not actually require the usage of this Purple Veined Heaven Crystal.

“A load of nonsense!”

When these words came out from Yun Che’s mouth, all the doctors in the room revealed looks of contempt and disdain. One of them even directly shouted out loud while looking at Yun Che with a furious gaze: “Do you not know how heavy Young Sect Master Xiao’s injury is! To heal his internal injuries, the only way would be to depend on Purple Veined Heaven Crystal! Sect Master Xiao, this traveling doctor is obviously a swindler. This old man had practiced medicine for many years, but had never seen this person before. The words from before, ought to all be blind guesses and made up. Hmph, to actually try to swindle Xiao Sect’s head, you’ve got some huge nerve. Sect Master Xiao best throw him out, so as to avoid falling into this swindler’s trap.”

This person’s name was Sun Hong, one of the three genius doctors of New Moon City who possessed extremely high prestige in New Moon City’s medical community.

“Hahaha.” Yun Che faintly laughed and then slightly closed his eyes to slowly speak: “This Young Sect Master’s injuries, I glanced at them a few times earlier and already understand the situation clearly…. The bones of his left arms are completely shattered, half of the meridians of his entire body are broken, and his profound veins have bursted apart. His body had been invaded by last night’s cold weather, so on top of being injured, he also fell ill and that’s why he had been unconscious the entire time. Am I right or am I wrong?”

Sun Hong’s expression froze for a while, and then immediately replied in disdain: “Right now, the entire city knows about Young Sect Master Xiao’s heavy injuries. You didn’t even diagnose Young Sect Master Xiao’s injuries, yet you speak of it so clearly; it’s obvious that you heard them from somewhere. A swindler like you wouldn’t know, that it would be simply impossible to heal such a grave injury using ordinary means of medicine; in this world, the only thing that could possibly cure him, are Purple Veined Heaven Crystals!

“This old man has also never seen this person before. Furthermore, his words completely violates the principles of medical knowledge. He is undoubtedly a swindler.” Another old man, with a beard that had already turned white, slowly spoke.

“Ha Ha Ha!” As Yun Che heard their words, he loudly laughed three times. But he wasn’t furious at all, as he leisurely spoke: “A doctor’s diagnosis, emphasizes on ‘look, listen, question, feel’, with ‘look’ as the head, and ‘listen, question, feel’ as support. The patient’s illness are all exhibited in the complexion. If I couldn’t even tell this junior’s injuries just by ‘looking’, wouldn’t I be reduced to an ordinary doctor.”

With one sentence, he offended every single doctor present. Because not a single one of them were able to directly diagnose Xiao Luocheng’s injuries just by “looking”. Sun Hong immediately said with a sneer: “Since genius doctor’s medical skill is so superior, how about you take a “look” and see what illnesses I have?”

Yun Che threw him an indifferent glance and said with a faint smile: “You’re also a medical practitioner. Your usual self-care isn’t bad, and there aren’t any severe illnesses on you. However, in the matter of sexual intercourse, you don’t possess the slightest bit of self restraint. The underside of your brow is dark, and it looks like you’ve at least consecutively discharged your vitality twice. Yet after that, you didn’t sleep for a night; it’s apparent that you were invited here right after finishing intercourse. Ha ha, you aren’t young anymore; with such frequent intercourse that also coincided with a night of labor, your kidneys have acutely faltered.

Sun Hong straight up became stupefied in place, and was speechless for a long time.

“Rather, you’re the one suffering a severe ailment.” Yun Che shifted his gaze onto that white-bearded elderly man who spoke earlier and spoke with an indifferent tone: “Since one year ago, your legs have already started to feel sore, and was extremely severe especially at noon. You thought that this was caused by the invasion of humidity and wind chill, and thereby often used warm things to recuperate. But after a year, not only did your symptoms not alleviate, they instead became worse.”

The elderly man instantly widened his old eyes and said with shock: “How… How did you know?”

Yun Che continued: “The ailment on your leg, was fundamentally not caused by wind chills and humidity at all. If my guess is correct, two years ago, you were bitten by a long thin red snake. You’re a medicinal practitioner and often collected medicinal herbs; therefore, you probably carried antidotes with you, and didn’t mind the matter anymore after you’ve ingested the antidote. Yet, you didn’t know, that this snake’s name is the Jade-Eyed Flower Carved Snake. Its appearance is no different from an ordinary Red String Snake. However, it carries a type of Yang venom that cannot be detoxified by any ordinary antidote. This kind of Yang venom stays latent inside the body and slowly starts acting after a year; the lower limbs will become unbearably sore at first, and as the toxicity spreads, it will reach the organs after three years and poison the victim to death.”

The elderly man’s eyes were already opened wide to its extreme and even his beard violently shook: “That’s right…. That’s right! What you said was absolutely true! This old man indeed was bitten by a red colored snake two years ago and this old man had thought that was just an ordinary Red String Snake…. My leg’s ailment also indeed started one year ago. I used Yang-attributed items and recuperated for a year, but it didn’t alleviate in the slightest. A genius doctor, truly a genius doctor!!!”

(TL: In case anyone is confused on all these Yang stuff, basically Yang stands for “Warm”, vice versa for Yin. This old dude thought that his leg’s symptoms were caused by wind chills and humidity, so he tried using “Yang/Warm” stuff. But the poison was “Yang” in the first place, so it ended up making it worse.)

This elderly man was also one of the three widely recognized genius doctors in New Moon City. His name was Gongsun Xiu, and his weight in New Moon City’s medical community was even higher than Sun Hong. As these words of his were uttered, every single doctor present was stunned… Just by looking with a few glances, he was actually able to tell how many times Sun Hong had intercourse last night, and even found out about Gongsun Xiu’s ailment; even the type of snake had bit him two years ago was spoken by him in great detail.

This level of ability, let alone to achieve it, they didn’t even dare to think about it!

This skill was simply god-like!!

Could it be that this person that appeared to be a swindler, was truly a genius doctor…. No! It should be said that he very much, was a genius doctor!!

“Genius doctor, in what way could this old man’s poison be eliminated? The Jade-Eyed Flower Carved Snake; this old man has been alive for nearly eight decades, yet have never heard of this kind of snake.” Gongsun Xiu who showed disdain toward Yun Che, now instead bowed forward and consulted with his face full of heartfelt admiration. How he addressed him, had also turned into “genius doctor”.

Yun Che slightly thought for a bit, and said: “One hundred grams of Ice Heart Lotus. Two hundred and fifty grams of Mixed Quince; consume them every day at noon and the poison would naturally be completely cured after one month. In addition, during this one month of time, try to consume as little food of warm and spicy aspects as possible, and do not sleep for too long everyday.”

Gongsun Xiu sincerely bore it in mind and deeply bowed toward Yun Che: “Not only did Genius Doctor save this old man’s life, you also opened this old man’s eyes. Please forgive this old man’s ignorant gibberish earlier; you’re absolutely worthy of the title genius doctor.”

All the doctors present had expression of shock on their faces and the expression in their eyes that looked at Yun Che completely changed. Even Xiao Tiannan revealed an expression of hope on his face… This may really be a genius doctor! He may really be able to heal my son’s injuries!

“Ha ha, you flatter me.” Yun Che said as he payed no mind to him. His gaze turned to Xiao Zaihe instead and said: “Speaking of which, the problem on your body is not small either.”

“Me?” Xiao Zaihe extended his hands and pointed at himself with a perplexed face.

“In these last few months, weren’t you making a large effort to forcibly open your Shoulder Star profound entrance because you wanted to open this profound entrance?” Yun Che asked with an unquestionable tone.

Xiao Zaihe’s mouth opened as astonishment colored his entire face: “How…. How do you know that?”

“What complete nonsense!” Yun Che’s expression became grave: “You sensed that this profound entrance had somewhat loosened and believed that it would naturally open so you couldn’t help but assault it daily with your profound energy. But you don’t even understand the truth behind profound entrances! Since you attack it in this way, not only is it impossible for you to forcibly break open the profound entrance, you have already damaged the profound entrance. If you continue to proceed on like this, not only would the profound entrance be thoroughly destroyed, even your profound veins would suffer permanent damage.”

Xiao Zaihe’s complexion immediately changed and subsequently became filled with deep terror. As a profound practitioner, if the profound vein suffered any permanent damage, it was definitely enough to be a fatal blow. He spoke with a terrified face: “This one indeed did what Genius Doctor had just said; I had always had been attacking the Shoulder Star profound entrance. But not only did I not progress, instead, the Shoulder Star often ached with a dull pain…. This…. This…. Please genius doctor, you must save me!”

Yun Che looked at him for a while and slightly nodded: “Since I’ve entered this Blue Wind Empire, I don’t know many people. To meet someone is to be brought together by fate. Alright. In that case, I’ll help you this time.”

After finished speaking, Yun Che suddenly extended his left forefinger. In the middle of everyone’s perplexed expressions, he pointed at the spot where Xiao Zaihe’s Shoulder Star was located. The Sky Poison Pearl’s purifying ability silently passed through his fingertips to enter Xiao Zaihe’s body. A few breaths later, it immediately opened his Shoulder Star profound entrance.

Yun Che withdrew his finger and had a mysterious smile on his face.

Yet Xiao Zaihe’s entire person stared blankly in place, as if he simply didn’t dare to believe what had happened…. After a long time, he forcefully pressed against his shoulder as his entire body trembled in excitement. He was incomparably excited as he shouted: “Opened! My Shoulder Star profound entrance actually opened…. Opened!!”

Xiao Zaihe’s reaction, with the word “opened” that came from his mouth, instantly let everyone present understand what had happened. They all simultaneously became stupefied in place. Then all of a sudden, Gongsun Xiu took a step forward and in a hoarse voice, cried out in surprise: “One Finger Profound Opening!! This is the legendary One Finger Profound Opening!!”

The four words “One Finger Profound Opening” was like a clap of thunder. The bodies of all the doctors trembled as they stared for a very long time. Afterwards, their entire body stiffened as if they had been petrified.





Chapter 89 – The Eccentric God Hand


“That’s right! The ability to open the profound entrances, by using only one finger! This must be the legendary ‘One Finger Profound Opening’! My heavens! I never would have expected that I would actually be fortunate enough to witness this profound medical technique in this lifetime!” An elderly doctor shouted with a face full of excitement.

“It was rumored that our Blue Wind Empire’s top doctor, Gu Qiuhong, could help profound practitioners perforate their Sunflower Dew, Vacant Seed, and Heart Gate profound entrances postnatally. However, he was definitely unable to use the ‘One Finger Profound Opening’! This person…… He is most likely an unparalleled genius doctor that even exceeds Gu Qiuhong!”

All the doctors present were visibly excited. Their eyes trembled and they nearly lost control of their feelings. Xiao Tiannan frowned and said: “‘One Finger Profound Opening’, what does that mean?”

The Branch Sect Medicine Hall’s Head Elder, Doctor Xiao Baicao came forward and said: “Sect Master, you don’t practice medicine so you might not know. This ‘One Finger Profound Opening’ is actually the medical field’s ultimate technique. It only requires one finger to be able to quickly open a profound practitioner’s profound entrance postnatally! Sect Master naturally knows how difficult and dangerous it is to open a profound entrance postnatally. Unless one is extremely well versed in the human body and has reached the pinnacle of medical knowledge proficiency, it would definitely be impossible to accomplish. Also, in the entire Profound Sky Continent, the number of exceptional medical practitioners who are able to achieve the ‘One Finger Profound Opening’ if added together, do not even exceed five! Even though I have practiced medicine for many years and thinks that I know quite a bit of medical knowledge myself, I do not dare to even dream of obtaining this ultimate technique.”

“Zaihe always wanted to open his Shoulder Star profound entrance, but had always failed. However with just a finger, this genius doctor opened Zaihe’s Shoulder Star profound entrance in such a short amount of time! This divine technique, is exactly the ‘One Finger Profound Opening’!” As Xiao Baicao said that, his eyes couldn’t help but float towards Yun Che as they revealed signs of complete shock and admiration.

“What! There’s actually such a divine technique?” Xiao Tiannan was visibly shaken: “Then…… If this genius doctor is willing, wouldn’t he be able to open all the profound entrances of a profound practitioner, and give birth to the legendary Heavenly God’s Spiritual Veins?”

“Hehe, of course that’s impossible.” Xiao Baicao shook his head: “Doctors usually do not train their profound strength, and thus their lifespans are usually not long. If they’re able to open one profound entrance within a hundred years, that’s already enough for one to be proud of their life. Blue Wind Imperial City’s medical saint Gu Qiuhong is now a hundred and sixty years old. In a hundred years he was able to open the Sunflower Dew, Vacant Seed, and Heart Gate profound entrances. His abilities are already one in an millennium and he should be able to achieve the state of ‘One Finger Profound Opening’ in due time. From what I know, in today’s Profound Sky Continent, the top medical practitioner can already thoroughly open six profound entrances. If a profound practitioner had not been born with those six profound entrances opened, and is favored by this genius doctor, it would be possible to directly have those six profound entrances opened postnatally. However this is also the limit this continent can currently achieve. The postnatal opening of all profound entrances that Sect Master mentioned, is fundamentally impossible to achieve. It is also not something an ordinary person is capable of accomplishing.”

Gongsun Xiu couldn’t help it anymore and went forward to respectfully ask: “Genius doctor, you mentioned just now that this was your the first time entering Blue Wind Empire…… Could it be that you’re not a citizen of our Blue Wind Empire?”

The eyes of the masses instantly concentrated on Yun Che…… That’s right. If he was a citizen of Blue Wind Empire who possessed such a divine technique, he would have long been renowned throughout the country. In all of Blue Wind Empire, no one has ever heard of a genius doctor who possessed such a divine technique. It was obvious that this genius doctor was not a person from Blue Wind Empire.

Yun Che slightly smiled and said indifferently: “I come from the Divine Phoenix Empire. I travelled to Blue Wind Empire one month ago and had only arrived at New Moon City this morning.”

Divine Phoenix Empire!?

Everyone’s heart was shocked once more. Divine Phoenix Empire, Profound Sky Continent’s number one empire. Its territory was double that of all the six other countries added up together. Like a lion proudly situated at the center of Profound Sky Continent, its national strength was even more colossally incomparable. Although the six other countries were independent countries, they still bowed before Divine Phoenix Empire under most circumstances.

Divine Phoenix Empire’s territory was enormous, which meant that it was also naturally powerful. In each and every aspect, it surpassed Blue Wind Empire by several levels. If we compare Blue Wind Empire with Divine Phoenix Empire, it would more or less be the same as comparing Floating Cloud City to Blue Wind Empire, and they hardly should be mentioned in the same breath. Also, the citizens of Blue Wind Empire all possessed some form of respect, no matter how much, towards citizens of Divine Phoenix Empire.

“So you’re actually a genius doctor from the Divine Phoenix Empire.” Gongsun Xiu’s attitude became more respectful: “Could I, could I inquire your name please.”

“My surname is Huangfu.” Yun Che casually replied.

“Huangfu……” Gongsun Xiu was first stupefied. He remained silent for a few seconds before suddenly revealing a face of shock, and asked in a quivering voice: “Is it possible…… Is it possible that you are Divine Phoenix Empire’s ‘Eccentric God Hand’ Senior Huangfu He?”

When the three words “Huangfu He” came out, it was once again, another thunderbolt out of the blue. All the doctors present opened their mouths so wide that their chins nearly smashed onto the floor.

Yun Che’s heartbeat immediately started to thump about …… Eh? Fuck! There’s actually such a person? I had specifically chosen this super uncommon surname. Aaaaah!!

Yun Che claimed to be from Divine Phoenix Empire in order to hide his identity. This was mainly because Blue Wind Empire did not have “genius doctors” of his level, and it was also to prevent Xiao Sect from investigating him. Even if they went to Divine Phoenix Empire, they would require at least ten days to half a month to obtain some results. By that time, he would have already left.

However, he did not expect Divine Phoenix Empire to actually have a genius doctor by the surname of Huangfu. Furthermore, he was so well known that even lowly city doctors from Blue Wind Empire had heard of this name.

Yun Che could only place his hands on his long beard and press on: “Oh? Never had I expected that people from Blue Wind Empire would know my name. That’s right. I am Huangfu He. However, the nickname ‘Eccentric God Hand’, hehe, let’s not talk about it.”

As soon as he finished talking, the entire Medicine Hall exploded in excitement, and all the doctors acted as if they had become insane.

Sun Hong immediately threw himself forward and almost did not kneel on the floor. He was so excited his speech was slurred: “So…… So elder is actually ‘Eccentric God Hand’ Senior Huangfu! This junior was as blind as a bat just now, and actually spoke such offensive words. I’m really too ashamed of myself and is too embarrassed to show my face. I hope the great Senior Huangfu can forgive the lowly me’s offense.”

“The decrepit old me actually saw the legendary Eccentric God Hand with my own eyes! And also received personal guidance from Senior Huangfu, I truly have not lived in vain.” Gongsun Xiu said with extreme emotion.

“No wonder you could use the divine technique ‘One Finger Profound Opening’. So it’s actually the world-class Huangfu senior!”

“I’m actually looking at the legendary Eccentric God Hand! Is…… is this a dream! If Senior Huangfu could give me a bit of advice, it would definitely be more effective than spending half my life reading medical books!”

“Rumor has it that not only does Senior Huangfu’s medical expertise reach the heavens, he also acts eclectically, and does as he pleases. Meeting you today, you really live up to your name.”

Yun Che was still holding onto that small and worn out flag. However, when the doctors looked at the flag again, they no longer sneered at it in disdain. Instead, their eyes burned with admiration, and looked up to it, as if it were a sacred object….. It was rumored that Huangfu He had been called Eccentric God Hand because of his eccentric personality. Whether he treats a person or not depends on his mood. Sometimes he was serious, sometimes he was fickle and irritable, but at some other times, he was very erratic. And genius doctor who would hold up a flag to practice medicine on the streets, this could only be the shenanigans of the Eccentric God Hand! Or perhaps it should be said that this completely suited this Eccentric God Hand’s personality. These sixteen overbearing words, every sentence rhymed with superb literary talent. The crooked calligraphy seemed to contain an peerless amount of medical knowledge. Especially the last four words, other than the Eccentric God Hand, who else would have the guts to say such overbearing words!

Xiao Baicao face flushed red as he turned to Xiao Tiannan and excitedly said: “Congratulations to Sect Master! My utmost congratulations to Sect Master! It is really the heavens showing favor to our Xiao Sect. This time, Young Sect Master can now be saved. This senior is actually the world renowned ‘Eccentric God Hand’ Huangfu He. If he’s willing to lend a hand, Young Sect Master would definitely be safe and sound!”

“This ‘Eccentric God Hand’ is really such a powerful genius doctor?” This was the first time Xiao Tiannan had heard of the nickname ‘Eccentric God Hand’. But when seeing Xiao Baicao and his sect’s doctors’ reactions, he knew that this person was definitely an outstanding person in the medical world, and he might not even be below the top genius doctor in the Blue Wind Empire, Gu Qiuhong.

“Senior Huangfu is more than a genius doctor, he’s practically a saint in the medical world!” Xiao Baicao said in excitement. The name ‘Eccentric God Hand’ only existed in legends. He never would have dared to think that he’ll one day see the real deal, and didn’t expect that they actually would also be in the same room together. Xiao Baicao’s excitement was overwhelming: “Rumor says that Senior Huangfu looks to only be forty five, and his hair and beard did not even have a trace of whiteness. Not only that, he doesn’t even cultivate his profound strength. However, Sect Master must know that…… Despite his looks, he is already more than five hundred years old!”

“What? Doesn’t cultivate his profound strength…… yet is able to live up to five hundred years old, and look that young?” Xiao Tiannan was visibly shocked. He probed the Eccentric God Hand’s profound strength and found out that it was barely in the Nascent Profound Realm.

“That’s right. This is enough proof of how astonishing high his medical expertise is. It could even be said to be at a groundbreaking level! Rumor also has it that if he’s willing to save a person, no matter whether the person is fully paralyzed or if the internal organs are all shattered, as long as one still possessed a single breath, he’s able to save that person. Furthermore, he has never failed before. Despite the serious injuries on Young Sect Master, in his eyes, they’re all probably minor injuries. Just now, he even said that if he wanted to save Young Sect Master, he didn’t even need to use the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal!”

“Even though Young Sect Master is suffering from a great disaster, this genius doctor immediately fell from the heavens to save him; this means that Young Sect Master is not fated to be a cripple! Also, this genius doctor can open at least five or even six profound entrances! If we’re able to get on his good side, after treating Young Sect Master, he might show his God Hands and open at least five profound entrances for Young Sect Master. At that time, even in the talent filled Main Sect, it would be still be able to enter the upper echelons. Even if we started from the very beginning, our future achievement would exceed what we have achieved in the past…… In that case, not only would Young Sect Master be able to avoid a ruined future, but he shall also profit from this misfortune!”

The more Xiao Baicao spoke, the more excited he became. Xiao Tiannan also became more and more excited as he heard those words. Both his hands started to tremble, but he managed to maintain a clear mind as he asked in a low voice: “This Eccentric God Hand has only been heard of in legends but no one has seen him before. What if he’s a fake?”

“Absolutely impossible!” Xiao Baicao shook his head, and spoke with firm conviction: “If he claimed to be Huangfu He when he had just entered, I too, would definitely not believe him. But in this world, the number of people that can use the ‘One Finger Profound Opening’, does not surpass five! And one of them is the Eccentric God Hand. If one has reached such a state, why would there be a need to do something trivial, like impersonating another! Besides, look at the flag he’s holding up; it’s strange beyond words. This too, is just like his eccentric personality.”

As he thought about Xiao Tiannan’s personality, Xiao Baicao continued: “However, I know that Sect Master is always cautious; especially since this concerns Young Sect Master’s safety. How about this. Let me immediately send people to the Black Moon Merchant Guild to purchase information from the Divine Phoenix Empire. Obtaining information from Diving Phoenix Empire would be extremely expensive, but it’s as if we’re buying an assurance, which is even more valuable. If the information we receive…… says that Huangfu He isn’t in Divine Phoenix Empire, it would mean this person is without a doubt, Huangfu He. But if he’s still in the Divine Phoenix Empire, then it is extremely possible that this person is a swindler…… Of course, such a possibility would not exist. But in all likelihood, even if this man isn’t Huangfu He, to have such a divine medical skill, he would definitely not be below Huangfu He.

“Good! Go now!” Xiao Tiannan hastily said. Actually, after hearing Xiao Baicao’s words, he too, did not doubt this “Eccentric God Hand’s” identity. However, since no one had seen this Eccentric God Hand before, even if he revealed the ‘One Finger Profound Opening’ technique, there was still a bit of doubt at the bottom of Xiao Tiannan’s heart.

“I shall dispatch people to the Black Moon Merchant Guild at once…… That’s right, Sect Master, treat this Huangfu senior with utmost respect and be as polite as possible. It is said that regardless of wealth or power, he only treats a person based on his mood. As long as he’s in a good mood, he would treat a person without asking for a penny. If he’s in a bad mood, even if one tried to tempt him with gold, kneel down to beg, or threaten him with a knife to the throat, it would not move his hand. No matter how much money one offered, even if they knelt down, begged, or threatened him with a knife at his throat, he would still not treat the person. Young Master’s future, completely lies in this person’s hands.”

Before Xiao Baicao left, he left firm instructions.





Chapter 90 – Heaven Piercing Medical Prowess


Xiao Tiannan walked toward Yun Che, cusped both of his fists, and spoke in an extreme respectful manner: “Senior Huangfu, please be sure to save my son. This junior only has this one son; as long as senior is willing to save him, this junior will definitely repay this debt, even if I have to become a horse or an ox.”

As the Sect Master of New Moon City’s greatest sect, it could be said that he was beneath none and above all in New Moon City. Yet he was extremely respectful to this “Genius doctor”, even to the point of saying these kind of words like “become a horse or an ox”. It was clear that Xiao Luocheng’s matter indeed made him anxious to the extreme; but at the same time, he was indeed intimidated by the title “Eccentric God Hand”.

Gongsun Xiu hastily put up a smiling face and said: “Please be at ease, Sect Master Xiao. With Senior Huangfu here, your dear son’s injury will certainly be completely healed.

“I really need to congratulate Sect Master Xiao. Since Senior Huangfu has already arrived here, he’ll certainly exhibit his God Hand. Not only would Young Sect Master Xiao’s injuries be fully healed, he may even also be able to forge ties with Senior Huangfu; this is a fortune that others could not obtain even if they begged for it.”

They originally were admonished by Xiao Tiannan, as if dog blood had been poured onto their heads, since they did not have any method to treat Xiao Luocheng’s grave injury. And now, this “Eccentric God Hand” had fallen from the sky. while they were utterly excited, they also secretly breathed a sigh of relief. With the existence of this medical saint here, there definitely won’t be any issues with Xiao Luocheng’s injury; Xiao Sect would also no longer vent their anger on them.

To be referred to as Senior by this Xiao Tiannan with such extreme respect, the inside of Yun Che’s heart was naturally pleased to the max. He made a faint smile that was plain, yet also otherworldly: “Since I’ve already come, I would heal him even if you didn’t say anything. Even though your sect is quite small, it’s still built on a mountain. Climbing up here is not easy either, how can I just come for nothing. Come, let me take a look at this little fella’s injuries.”

New Moon City’s largest sect that occupied this entire mountain, actually turned into “a quite small sect” in his mouth. However, no one present felt that it was funny or inappropriate. What a joke, who was he? He was the Eccentric God Hand from the Divine Phoenix Empire! The sects that someone like this had seen before would certainly be top notch even inside the Divine Phoenix Empire. Comparing Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect to those sects he visited in his travels, it’s probably even less than a fart; to call this Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect a “small sect” was already gracious.

But his reason for deciding to heal him, was unexpectedly because he didn’t want to climb a mountain for nothing; this also cause everyone to be taken aback. But thinking back at his title “Eccentric God Hand”, they then thought that it was reasonable inside their heart; if his personality wasn’t eccentric, how could he be called the “Eccentric God Hand”.

Xiao Tiannan was overjoyed. He firmly remembered what Xiao Baicao had told him and his expression changed into one with extreme sincerity and respect: “Then many thanks to Senior Huangfu. My son’s state of injuries is tied to this insignificant sect’s future, please be sure to exhibit the brandishing of Senior’s god hand and restore my son’s meridians and profound veins. Our sect will be endlessly grateful from top to bottom… Ah, if Senior have any orders or needs, please do tell without reservation.”

Yun Che didn’t say anything as he very ungracefully threw the flag and medicine case onto the ground. He then stroked his beard and leisurely walked in front of Xiao Luocheng’s bed. Hm, isn’t this title of Eccentric God hand pretty good. It just so happens that he didn’t need to constrain himself when doing things; since he is “eccentric” after all.

As the doctors saw this genius doctor walk toward Xiao Luocheng, they scrambled toward him one after another. If they could see a genius doctor of this level at work, even a single glance would definitely prove to be eternally beneficial. But Xian Tiannan lowly coughed and threw at them a solemn glance. The heart of the doctors simultaneously tightened; they could only unwillingly walk out of the Medicinal Hall with their heads lowered.

“Zaihe, go warn these doctors; none of them are allowed to spread word that this Senior is Huangfu He. If even the tiniest bit of rumor leaked out, my Xiao Sect would definitely not easily forgive them.” Xiao Tiannan said with a dreary voice. If this information really got out, it will certainly instigate a huge uproar. It would be natural that countless people would come here to get diagnosed and perhaps, even those super sects would be attracted here.

“I understand.” Xiao Zaihe withdrew with quick steps.

There were two people left in the room; Xiao Tiannan and Yun Che. Xiao Tiannan treaded lightly and carefully walked toward him. He found that “Genius Doctor” was currently holding Xiao LuoCheng’s wrist with his eyes closed, without any movements at all. He forced himself to be patient and waited for a long time, but finally couldn’t hold back and spoke: “Senior, about my son’s injuries…”

Yun Che opened his eyes and removed his hand from Xiao Luocheng’s body. He stroke his beard and said: “The broken arm doesn’t matter much, and the injuries meridians and Profound Vein are also only small matters. But for the profound strength, he’ll have to start over and cultivate it from the very beginning.”

Injuries this severe was unexpectedly only considered “small matters” from this “genius doctor” mouth. Even though Xiao Baicao had told him earlier that these kind of injuries could only be seen as a light injury in the eyes of genius doctors at this level, Xiao Tiannan’s heart still cramped for while. He thought in his heart; as expected of a genius doctor that was considered top-notch even in the Divine Phoenix Empire, his realm was entirely not something that ordinary people could possibly imagine.

“Go, and find a few people that understand herbal medicine and help me fetch a few types of medicinal herbs.” Yun Che swung his hand with the posture of an expert.

“Certainly. Our Sect already possesses a medicinal garden. Moreover we also have a heritage of a thousand years, and hundreds of years of accumulated stock. Unless it’s something too precious, it’s possible to find everything in our sect.”

Not long after, Xiao Tiannan brought six people with him and rushed back. Yun Che stroked his beard and said with leisure: “A piece of Warm Net Jade that’s at least two hundred and fifty grams, with purity over eight and half out of ten; three petals of Purple Heart Lotus; one stalk of Dragon’s Blood Ginger that’s over twenty years in age; fifty drops of Morning Dew; ten stalks of Phoenix Liver Grass; one and half kilos of mud from deep water…..”

Altogether, Yun Che named over a dozen materials in a row, and then warned with a serious tone: “All of these materials are indispensable. The amount can only be more and not less, and the age can only be higher yet not lower. Bring them to me within an hour. Oh, and also, fetch me a box of silver needles.”

Xiao Tiannan secretly sighed a breath of relief; although he had asked for many things, they were all not very rare and the sect had large amounts of them in stock. With a wave of his hand, he made the people he brought to go fetch with top speed… In less than half an hour, all the items that Yun Che requested were brought together. He stood up and said: “I’m borrowing your medicinal pellet furnace. Furthermore, I do not like to be disturbed when refining medicine. All of you, the further away you are, the better.”

“Yes yes, this junior will definitely remember Senior’s words.” Xiao Tiannan hastily nodded. His respectful mannerism made those disciples that came to deliver medicinal materials dumbfounedly stare.

After Yun Che had gone into the Medicinal Pellet Room, Xiao Tiannan made over a dozen disciple stand guard thirty steps away, as to prevent anyone from going near. As he went in, he didn’t come out even after four hours. And at this time, Xiao Baicao came back.

“How was it? Did you acquire any reliable information?” Xiao Tiannan asked.

Xiao Baicao nodded and said with a lowered voice: “Black Moon Merchant Guild used the Ten Thousand Mile Sound Transmission Talisman to contact the Main Guild within Divine Phoenix Empire and received news that the Eccentric God Hand had already disappeared a year ago from the Divine Phoenix area, and no one had spotted him for an entire year. It was said that he could be traveling and visiting the other countries…. It can’t be wrong! This person, is undoubtedly Huangfu He!”

“Phew, that’s great, that’s truly great!” Xiao Tiannan let out a long breath of relief and then cautiously asked: “You didn’t let Black Moon Merchant Guild notice anything, did you?”

Xiao Baicao spoke: “Sect Master can be at ease, they definitely did not. I used the Young Sect Master’s injuries as the reason to seek the famous Medical Saint Huangfu He, and went to buy the information. Right now, everyone inside New Moon City knows about Young Sect Master’s injuries so Black Moon Merchant Guild wouldn’t be suspicious at all. They also definitely wouldn’t expect, that Huangfu He actually came to New Moon City… How is Young Sect Master’s injuries now? Has Huangfu He already begun to save him?”

Before Xiao Tiannan even answered, the Medicinal Hall’s door was already pushed open as Yun Che walked out with slow steps.

The two frantically went up and greeted him. With a face full of hope, Xiao Tiannan said: “Senior, about my son’s injuries….”

“He’ll wake up in half a cup of tea’s time, go ask him yourself. I’ll need to rest for a bit; arrange me a room that’s quiet enough. In addition, get someone to prepare a pot of Heart Refreshing Tea, and bring it to me along with a meal. When I’m in my room, without my instructions, no one is allowed to arbitrarily disturb me…. Oh, also, this little fella’s body is currently too weak. Without my instructions, don’t give him anything to eat. Keep that in mind!”

Both Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao nodded like chicks pecking rice grains. They firmly memorized Yun Che’s words and didn’t dare to even miss a single word. Then, they immediately ordered people to prepare a room for Yun Che. As they walked into the Medicinal Pellet Room, they discovered that Xiao Luocheng had indeed, regained consciousness.

“Father…” As he saw Xiao Tiannan walk in, Xiao Luocheng shifted his body and emitted an extremely rough voice.

Xiao Tiannan hastily walked over and as he was just about to speak, he surprisingly discovered that the color on Xiao Luocheng’s face was unexpectedly much better than before. At the very least, it wasn’t a paper-like ghastly white color, but had a little bit of a blood color. His entire left arm was completely wrapped up with a layer of very thick medicinal paste, and emitted a extremely pungent smell.

“Luocheng, how do you feel right now? Do you feel any better?”

Xiao Luocheng moved his lips, and the pain that came from this body caused the muscles on his face to slightly cramp: “Left arm… Very painful…”

“What? You said your left arm hurts? Your left arm really hurts?” After hearing Xiao Cheng’s words, Xiao Baicao lost his composure and shouted. Xian Tiannan was first dumbfounded for a moment, but was also able to immediately understand right after; Xiao Luocheng’s left arm was broken into dozens of pieces, and the nerves and meridians were entirely broken along with it, so it was virtually impossible for him to feel pain anymore…. Yet now, he actually had said that his left arm was hurting!

Xiao Tiannan’s facial expressions immediately became one of excitement and he quickly grabbed Xiao Luocheng’s right wrist. After a few short breaths of time, he fiercely stood up, and was unexpectedly feverish to the point of not knowing what to do with his hands and feet: “This… This… This…. The meridians of Luocheng’s left arms are actually unobstructed in a few places and all the broken bones are also connected together…. The broken meridians of his upper body also feel to be faintly alive…. How… How is this possible!!”

Xiao Baicao was extremely shocked as he heard his words and also quickly pinched Xiao Luocheng’s right wrist. After examining for sometime, he yelled out loud: “Genius doctor…. No! A Medical Saint! As expected of a Medical Saint! In just a mere four hours, he was actually able to recover a grave injury that originally couldn’t be healed, to such an extent! If I didn’t see it with my own eyes, I absolutely wouldn’t believe that this degree of divine-like medical skill existed in this world!”

“I had originally thought that my own medical skills are already considered brilliant. Seeing this Eccentric God Hand’s healing expertise with my own eyes, I finally understand that in these years, I was virtually looking at the sky while sitting in a well. Sect Master, like I’ve said before, not only would Young Sect Master fully recover, but may even profit from this disaster!”

“That’s great, that’s truly great.” Xiao Tiannan couldn’t control the joyfulness on his face no matter how much he tried, and the last bit of suspicion in his heart about this “Eccentric God Hand’s” identity also vanished without a trace. Suppressing his excitement, he said to Xiao Luocheng: “Luocheng, be at ease, your injuries will definitely be healed.”

Xiao Luocheng face was full of pain. After a long while, he finally squeezed out a few words with difficulty: “If I don’t get revenge… I vow that I’m not human anymore!”

“Heh heh,” Xiao Tiannan laughed with ease: “That Yun Che is nothing but a lowlife; to kill him, is virtually no different from squashing an ant. I had at first, wanted to destroy him myself, but I’ve now changed my mind. This debt, Luocheng should personally repay it. Even though your meridians and profound veins are entirely shattered, you don’t need to worry about anything anymore. Your father here has already found the most amazing genius doctor in this Profound Sky Continent for you; under his hands, all of your injuries, even including your meridians and profound veins, can be fully recovered. Moreover, this genius doctor also knows the divine technique, the ‘One Finger Profound Opening’. If you could get on his good side, he can easily make your aptitude better than before! Not long after, you’ll be able to take revenge with your own hands!”

“When you meet him, you must call respectfully call him Senior Huangfu! You must treat him with respect, with even more respect than if you are to meet the Grand Elder! If you truly can get on his good side, then this grave injury of yours is not a disaster, but a great fortune! A great fortune that’s enough to let you excel in Xiao Sect’s Main Sect! When that time comes, perhaps you may even want to thank that Yun Che brat.”





Chapter 91 – Good Grandson, You Truly Are My Good Grandson


After eating lunch, Yun Che fell into a comfortable sleep in the guest room arranged by the Xiao Sect. He had not gotten much rest after tossing and turning in bed the previous night, thus made this sleep particularly deep and allowed him to sleep until the sun had set. Since he had specifically instructed earlier that no one was to disturb him, no one had come in this period of rest.

“Where did you learn the art of healing and disguise?” As soon as Yun Che had risen from his bed, Jasmine’s voice came from his mind.

“Of course it was from my master……. My previous master”. Although many years had already passed since his master’s demise, when he thought of his teacher, Yun Che was still unable to completely release his grief. The child wishes to be filial, yet his parent has passed away; he had always been subjected to this kind of feeling. This has also become Yun Che’s greatest lifetime regret, as well as something that gnawed at his heart.

“Normally, the art of disguise uses air to transform, and can fool someone whose profound strength is lower than one’s own, but someone whose profound strength that exceeds one’s own will immediately see through it. Yet you, you are able to keep the entire Xiao Sect in the dark?” Jasmine’s voice was full of surprise and puzzlement.

“Hehe. My disguise technique doesn’t even have the least bit of correlation with profound strength. Don’t even mention Xiao Tiannan who’s in the Earth Profound Realm, even Sky and Emperor Profound practitioners would also never see through it. However, if I were to run into a fellow veteran, then the same cannot be said.”

Yun Che stepped down from the bed and stretched his body before the window. A wisp of an evil smirk slowly spread across the corners of his mouth…. First, I’ll let you guys rejoice for a few days. Then afterwards, you guys will naturally weep somberly under a sky of chaos and darkness. Hehehehe……

Even if you beat Xiao Tiannan to death, there was no way that he would have anticipated that the Yun Che he had sworn to torture to death, would actually be inside his Xiao Sect. And also be addressed as “senior” by him, and be waited upon in the same way he would treat his ancestor.

Once Yun Che stepped out of the room, he immediately saw Xiao Tiannan pacing back and forth nearby. When Xiao Tiannan spotted him, his face immediately revealed a joyous expression. He quickly walked over to Yun Che, and spoke with incomparable respect: “Senior, did you had a good rest? If there’s anything you need to say, please do not hesitate to say so.”

Yun Che knew that after seeing Xiao Luocheng’s condition, Xiao Tiannan would definitely be more respectful than before. He chuckled and nodded his head whilst saying: “I slept pretty well. I have not been up a mountain for quite some time now, so the mountain air is refreshing. Let’s go and see how the little fella’s doing.”

As though he had heard the sounds of heaven, Xiao Tiannan promptly responded and quickly led the way, making a beeline towards the medicinal hall. While on the way to the medicinal hall, they encountered the Xiao Sect’s disciples, who immediately greeted Yun Che with respect. It was evident that Xiao Tiannan had already explained that this was an extremely prestigious guest who must be received with the greatest of courtesy. Of course, the identity of this “genius doctor”, was something he would never let the disciples know…… The fewer who knew, the better.

After reaching the medicinal hall, a clear-headed Xiao Luocheng revealed a grateful expression upon seeing Yun Che and started struggling to rise to his feet. He attempted to bow to him as a weak and sincere voice escaped from his mouth: “Junior Xiao Luocheng…… Thanks Senior Genius Doctor for saving my life and gracing me with the chance of rebirth……..”

“Haha, it’s the thought that counts. With your body like this, don’t move about too much.” Yun Che laughed benevolently, as he stood by the bedside. “Come, let me take a look at your veins.”

After which, he reached out his hand and pinched Xiao Luocheng’s right wrist. Immediately after, his face lost all semblance of a smile as his expression became darker…. and darker….

This drastic change in his expression immediately caused Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao to grow extremely nervous. Just as he was unable to resist the urge to ask, he saw Yun Che move his hand from Xiao Luocheng’s wrist as he cursed in a fit of rage: “Didn’t daddy here specifically warn you time and again that you absolutely must not feed him anything without my instructions! Did you think of daddy’s words as nothing more than just the wind passing through your ears!”

Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao simultaneously exchanged looks. Xiao Tiannan took a small step forward and spoke while trembling in fear: “Senior, this… This… is this junior’s wife’s eagerness to dote on her child. She thought that such a heavy injury would be extremely taxing on one’s body and should have a bit of nourishment. Added with Luocheng’s complaints of hunger, it then caused my humble wife to simmer a bowl of chicken soup……”

“Absolutely disgraceful!” Yun Che suddenly exclaimed in a burst of anger as he swung his hands about: “What eagerness to dote on your child! You people are trying to murder him! This daddy here wasted the entire morning brewing the medicine and any effect the medicine would have, had been fucking taken away by this bowl of chicken soup! This also caused the utterly broken profound veins to swell up. With these two damages at such a degree, the treating this injury is practically ten times more troublesome than before! Simply absurd! Forget it, daddy here won’t treat your son any longer, go find whomever you want to treat it.”

With every word that came out of Yue Che’s mouth, Xiao Tiannan’s face only became paler and paler. Immediately after Yue Che finished speaking, Xiao Tiannan’s entire body began to tremble; he was so shaken by what Yun Che had said that he nearly kneeled down on the floor. Xiao Tiannan promptly stepped forward and pulled Yun Che, his panicked voice immediately pleaded “Senior…… Senior please calm down! It was this junior’s ignorance! I was unable to properly instruct my wife. This was entirely my fault! As long as senior calms down, this junior is willing to accept any punishment. I will guarantee that such a thing will never happen again…….. Senior, it was all this junior’s ignorance! But my son has done nothing wrong and at present, his injuries are extremely severe. If senior does not help him, then he will certainly be crippled for life! I beg senior to be merciful, save my son!”

“Humph! Ignorance? How can you possibly call this ignorance! This is obviously stupidity! And you dare say that your son has done nothing wrong. I’m saving him, yet the one harming him is you…… Good thing I found out early; if I had heedlessly slept for a few more hours, this son of yours would be completely finished right here……. If your son had died then, you would’ve been no better than an animal….. Since my words had been taken for granted, why bother asking me to treat him? Why don’t you go save him yourself……”

Yun Che’s face was flushed red with anger as he spat at Xiao Tiannan and berated the master of the magnificent Xiao Sect Branch Sect with a stream of curses. Each subsequent sentence was harsher and vulgar than the one before; Yun Che was only a step away from cursing the eighteen generations of his ancestors. As New Moon City’s most influential figure, Xiao Tiannan had never been scolded this badly before; yet at this moment he respectfully bowed his head like a grandson and did not retort with a single word…… He was doubtful when Xiao Baicao said that this Eccentric God Hand had a short fuse, but any of that doubt had long since been blown away. Without a hint of the elegant demeanor of a genius doctor, the elegant and scholarly-like doctor from before was now practically like a shrew who cursed on the streets.

This scolding from Yun Che was like eating a good meal; it invigorated his entire body. He had gotten to hurl all sorts of abuse at the leader of a big sect without restraint while only being at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, and Xiao Tiannan had not dared to even retort at all. Only those who have experienced this kind of pleasure would understand this kind of feeling.

This “genius doctor” finally appeared to be worn out from scolding and finally rested his case. After staring at Xiao Luocheng for a moment, he suddenly sighed: “Forget it, this kid and I can also be considered to be fated. Even though you and your group of fools have dropped this pile of shit on me, in most cases, I would usually just slip away and leave you to your troubles, but….. *Sigh*……”

Yun Che silently stared at Xiao Luocheng with a somewhat baffled expression. His gaze held a hint of sadness and kind benevolence: “This kid, is really too similar if compared to my little grandson when he was young…… *Sigh*, indeed too similar…… Kid, your name is……. Xiao Luocheng?”

Xiao Luocheng nodded and respectfully answered: “Yes, this junior is named Xiao Luocheng.”

“Back then, that little grandson of mine was also called Huangfu Cheng. Both of you have ‘Cheng’ in your names, this truly is coincidental…… Truly is coincidental. But what a pity, even though I possess medical prowess than can pierce the heavens, I can’t revive that grandson of mine. But now that I’ve met you, I can’t help but think of that little grandson of mine, and my memories from back then…….”

As Yun Che spoke, his voice also became softer and softer; as if he was caught up in old memories. His expression became more and more sullen as a thin layer of mist slowly formed over his eyes.

Hearing Yun Che’s promise to continue treating Xiao Luocheng, Xiao Tiannan was overjoyed at this unexpected good news; at least he had not endured that beratement for nothing. Listening to his following words, his heart was suddenly moved, and he sighed out. “Senior’s little grandson…… He was surely an exceptional genius without peer?”

“Heh heh, yes.” The genius doctor seemed to be immersed in his memories like before; a cloudy look came over his eyes as he spoke with an emotional voice: “But what a pity, heaven is jealous of the elite. At the age of sixteen, my little grandson had already come to a premature end… And it just happens that he was around this kid’s age. It was because of my little grandson’s passing that I painstakingly studied the art of healing; but sadly, time cannot flow backwards. Even if I improved my medical skills any further, it would still be impossible to save him.”

Xiao Tiannan’s heart was abruptly stirred. He forcefully swallowed his saliva, and cautiously probed: “My son Luocheng and your noble grandson are similar in appearances, their names are similar, and even their ages are similar to his back then…… This is simply a fate destined by the heavens! Since senior misses his grandson so much, and can’t forget the grief from back then, why don’t….. Why don’t you let Luocheng recognize you as his godgrandfather? On one hand, this may ease your longing for your grandson. On the other hand, Luocheng is also gravely injured at the moment. If Luocheng can make a full recovery, wouldn’t this happen to settle your regret for not being able to treat your grandson back then? Lastly….. Senior has graced Luocheng with the kindness of rebirth. Luocheng is a pure and good child; he will definitely be as filial to you as he would treat his real grandfather. So….. What does senior think?”

Damn!! This Xiao Tiannan is seriously too fucking smart; all he needed was a little hint…. Yun Che greatly praised in his mind.

As he heard these words, the genius doctor’s entire body shook, and his entire body started to gently tremble in excitement: “Wha….. What did you say? What you just said…. Do you really mean it?”

There was nothing Xiao Tiannan did not understand after seeing the genius doctor’s reaction. A great happiness sprung forth in his heart, as he promptly exclaimed: “Luocheng! Hurry up and greet grandpa!”

Xiao Luocheng certainly knew what he had to do now. He laboriously lifted his upper body, looked at Yun Che, and enthusiastically yelled: “Grandpa!”

“Wha…… What did you call me?” The genius doctor’s body shook once more as his lips also started to tremble.

“Grandpa! As long as grandpa does not mind, from now on, I’ll be your grandson.” Xiao Luocheng shouted with complete sincerity.

“Good! Good!” The genius doctor’s entire body dramatically shook, as two uncontrollable teardrops dripped from his eyes. He reached out his trembling hands and rested them on Xiao Luocheng’s shoulders as he excitedly replied: “Good grandson! Good grandson! Rest assured, your illness, grandpa will definitely cure it for you. This will definitely not be like what had happened that year! Good grandson…….. My good grandson…….”

The more the genius doctor spoke, the more excited he became. A distinct stream of tears suspended on his face…… If this world had an Oscars Award, to not award it to Yun Che would practically be going against god’s wishes.

To call your enemy grandson whilst the other party respectfully called you grandpa; what kind of feeling would this be…….. It was better to say that only those who have experienced this would understand it!

At the same time, Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao were also that happy and gratified. Who would have thought that Xiao Luocheng would actually resemble this Eccentric God Hand’s grandson and thereby succeeded in making him his godgrandfather. This simply was an enormous amount of good luck. With this recognition as his grandfather, the wounds on his body were absolutely not even the slightest of problems anymore. After treating the wounds, it was only logical that he would help Xiao Luocheng open his profound entrances. Not only that, to be such a highly skilled doctor, his medicine refining skills were bound to be second to none in this world. Any medicine that came from him would undoubtedly be hard to find, and the efficacy would be against heaven’s will. To have Xiao Luocheng be his “grandson”, how could he not go all out in his generosity?

Xiao Tiannan’s entire heart blossomed with happiness. He could almost already see Xiao Luocheng fully healed and proudly laughing in the main sect. He even saw himself following behind his meteoric success, even so much that this little branch sect would completely merged into the main sect…… On the other hand, Xiao Baicao was also extremely excited; so much that he unceasingly said: “Congratulations Sect Master, congratulations Young Master Xiao, congratulations Senior Huangfu for getting such a good grandson…… This is definitely a major occasion. Sect Master, since this is such a joyous occasion, once Young Master Xiao’s injuries are treated, we must definitely celebrate for a day.”

“Ha ha ha ha! How can one day be enough. We would need at least an entire three days. Ha ha ha ha.” Xiao Tiannan laughed heartily as he spoke.

“Grandpa, this grandson…… will kowtow for you.” Xiao Luocheng thoughtfully struggled to try and get up. Even though each movement caused unbearable pain, he struggled and resisted like before, and prostrated himself before Yun Che.

“Don’t, don’t, don’t!” Yun Che promptly supported him using his shoulder, and spoke with a face of self reproach: “Good grandson, the wounds on your body are not light, you absolutely must not move about too much. It’s not too late to pay respects when you have fully recovered; all that matters is if you have the heart.”

“It’s….. It’s fine, no need for grandpa to worry. Even if I am injured, I can still kowtow for grandpa.” Xiao Luocheng said as he gritted his teeth with a stubborn face.

“Heh heh. Senior Huangfu, Luocheng’s mind is obsessed with being filial, and even more so, has a heart full of gratitude. Just let him kowtow. Furthermore, he has already recognized you as grandfather, this kowtow is also necessary.

When Xiao Tiannan had just finished speaking, Xiao Luocheng already lowered his head. On the bed, he forcibly exerted himself and gave Yun Che a kowtow. When he raised his head, his complexion had already become deathly white from the pain.

“Aiyo, aiyo……. Good grandson, you truly are my good grandson” Yun Che said as he hurriedly helped Xiao Luocheng up with a face full of “adoration”.





Chapter 92 – The Sect’s Treasury


Once this grandpa-grandson relation was recognized, the remaining affairs would be much more manageable. The genius doctor who originally wanted to pat his bottom and leave, once again took another serious look at the condition of Xiao Luocheng’s profound veins, and said with a cautious look: “After this turn of events, to fully recover now would certainly be a little more troublesome. Go and call for the servant who gathered the medicines previously; I need to refine the medicine again.”

“This junior here is none other than the chief elder of the Medicine Hall. I am the most familiar and knowledgeable with every kind of medicinal ingredients in the sect. Senior can just go ahead and instruct me.” Xiao Baicao bowed and said. His intent was very obvious; he thought that if he was a “helper” here, he may be able see a bit of this genius doctor’s medical expertise with his own eyes, and maybe even learn a thing or two while he was at it.

“Mn…” Yun Che nodded, “Then you better remember well… Two or three Forty Year Old Purple Heart Misty Flower Wood; a piece of Bloody Sunflower Essence; a block of Scarlet Spirit Jade that’s at least nine out of ten in purity; two strains of the One Hundred Eighty Year Old Ice-cold Snow Ginseng; three strains of Twelve Year Old Burning Net Orchid……”

In one breath, Yun Che consecutively named sixteen kinds of medicinal ingredients in succession, and named one of every kind. Xiao Baicao stared blankly for awhile. When Yun Che finished speaking, he was already thoroughly stupefied in place. He didn’t know whether to nod, or not to nod. Even though all these medicinal ingredients could be considered precious, the accumulation from his branch sect’s many years of saving could easily take them all out. But the problem was that these medicinal ingredients Yun Che wanted, were all prescribed down to a specific age.

Seeing Xiao Baicao look stupefied while standing there, Yun Che’s eyes slanted as he asked: “What? These are all not any rare or strange things. To a sect that exceeded a thousand years, they ought to be easily obtained.”

“We have them, of course we have them.” Xiao Baicao promptly said: “But, about their age……”

“Oh! I nearly forgot to remind you about this”. Yun Che’s expression became solemn and said seriously: “These medicinal herbs that I requested just a moment ago, there must not be any deviation in their age…… Well, if they really cannot be found, deviating a year or two should also be barely acceptable. But the effects shall be many times weaker. A difference in the age of medicinal herbs might not seem like that much of a difference, but even if it’s a disparity of a month, there will be a substantial difference in its accumulated essence of nature. High quality refined medicine are extremely harsh on the age requirement of the medicinal ingredient. For those extremely hard to refine usual medicine, the age requirements of their medicinal ingredients are even stricter down to the month. So go quickly.”

Yun Che’s invented crazy nonsense immediately scared Xiao Baicao into a blank stare. He secretly told himself that this Eccentric God Hand’s thinking was just too different; his requirements toward medicine were actually so harsh that he himself, was practically just a quack if they were to be compared. He humbly bowed with a face full of shame: “Senior’s instructions, this junior will bear that in mind….. It’s just that, it’s just that even if this junior knows very little about the methods of gathering and refining medicine, and is so familiar with what I have heard about the medicinal herbs in the sect that I could repeat them in detail, this age requirement for the medicine…….

Not to mention him, even the Xiao Tiannan beside him had been shocked into a daze…… All the necessary medicinal herbs’ age had to be precise; who the fuck could even discern that! A thousand years, hundred years, and a decade could still be considered discernible. But between a dozen years and a few decades, aren’t they all the same? Let alone talk about the precision to the year.

Yun Che’s eyes were wide open as he replied with knitted eyebrows: “Didn’t you claim to be the chief elder of the sect’s Medicine Hall? How could you possibly not know the most basic of medicinal knowledge?”

Xiao Baicao lowered his head and bitterly smiled: “Senior, in this continent, your medical expertise is actually immense. This junior simply cannot compare with it. If there’s a huge difference in maturity, this junior can barely distinguish them. But to be so precise to the very year, or even a few months, this junior is simply incapable of accomplishing this.”

Yun Che thought for a while and then stood up: “Sigh, fine. I should just personally gather them….” After speaking, he paused, and then waved his hands once again: “Oh, forget about it. The place where a sect stores their medicinal ingredients will certainly be the sect’s number one place of importance and it’s possible that only a few of the sect’s own members are qualified to enter, so it would be even more impossible for outsiders to enter. Even I, understand this customary rule….”

Originally, Xiao Tiannan was instinctively conflicted toward the genius doctor’s proposition to personally visit the Sect’s treasury. It was because the sect’s treasury was one of the biggest secretive areas of the sect; even inside the branch sect, there were only five who had the qualifications to enter. There were two keys to the treasury altogether; one was with Xiao Baicao, and the other, with Xiao Tiannan. But listening to Yun Che speak in this way, his conflict instead, vanished without a trace. He thought in his heart that this person was the Eccentric God Hand! What kind of realm was he at! In his eyes, the treasures in his treasury would probably be no different from trash. Furthermore, his reason for going to the treasury was also to save Xiao Luocheng… Moreover, he was worthy to be called a master; to even be this respectful toward this little sect of his. As expected of an master’s demeanor; it was truly admirable.

Immediately afterwards, he hurriedly said: “No, no! Senior is too serious. Although the Sect’s treasury is an important place, it merely is protected against vile characters. Senior is a talented master; how could it it be possible that you would covet things from our little branch sect. Moreover, my son Luocheng had just acknowledged Senior as his godgrandfather so now you are also my sect’s family. Since we’re all family, and this is also for my son Luocheng, what harm is there in entering my treasury?”

“Yes, yes.” Xiao Baicao also spoke immediately afterwards: “This junior is incompetent. If Senior doesn’t personally go, I reckon that these medicinal ingredients still won’t be completely gathered by tomorrow. It would make Senior wait in vain and worsen Young Sect Master’s injury.”

The treasury was an important place that only those with the rank of an Elder may enter, and entering also required the consent of Xiao Tiannan first. Xiao Baicao followed. Nevertheless, it was still the first time the two asked an outsider to enter the treasury, yet they did not feel the slightest bit uncomfortable or thought that it was inappropriate…. After all, he, was the Eccentric God Hand; to enter your treasury was even giving you face.

Yun Che pretended to think for a while and then nodded: “That’s fine too. However, even though I am somewhat grateful of your trust in me, there is a saying that you must firmly remember: Always be on guard with others! I’ve only arrived at your sect for a single day, yet you are letting me enter your treasury alone. Even if it’s for my grandson’s injuries, it’s still too hasty and reckless! How about this; Baicao, you follow me during the entire process of retrieving medicine… Also, even though I’ve lived for a few hundred years, I’ve never really cultivated my profound strength. Until now, I’m only at the Nascent Profound Realm. Furthermore, I’m not carrying any spatial rings on my body either; Xiao Sect can find out by just by probing with profound energy. I’m saying this to let you rest assured, and give myself a peace of mind.”

Nascent Profound Realm, no spatial rings…. Meant that it was impossible to take anything even if he wanted to steal from the treasury. Even if one took something, it would be impossible to not get noticed with such an insignificant profound strength, and it was more so impossible to escape. After these words were spoken, the insides of both Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao’s hearts were moved, and their admiration toward this genius doctor’s uptight integrity rose to the extreme. While moved, Xiao Tiannan said: “Even though this is the first time we’ve met, this junior’s admiration and gratefulness toward Senior exceeds that of anyone I’ve ever met in my entire life. This junior would rather doubt myself, than to ever doubt Senior….”

“Say no more! Baicao, you must follow me the entire way and mustn’t be more than three steps away from me. Although I was often erratic throughout my entire life, I am still a clean and honest person who does not allow a single spot of taint. My grandson’s injury can’t be delayed anymore, let us go right away.”

“Yes yes!” Xiao Baicao answered as he took Yun Che straight toward the Branch Sect’s treasury.

After Xiao Baicao and the genius doctor left, Xiao Tiannan sat on the edge of Xiao Luocheng’s bed. Looking at Xiao Luocheng’s miserable state right now, he unexpectedly didn’t have the slightest hint of worry, but instead, had a face brimming with joy: “Luocheng! This time, you’ll have to greatly ‘thank’ that Yun Che! Do you know what kind of person this genius doctor is? It’s even enough to scare you if I say it out! He can be considered as the number one genius doctor of this Profound Sky Continent! Even though he doesn’t belong to any sects or clans, he had saved countless masters and experts; the people who wanted to get on his good side, altogether, isn’t weaker than any sect in the Blue Wind Empire! He is now your godgrandfather; he’ll naturally support you from now on. By that time, even if you are in the Main Sect, they too, will treat you like a treasure! If you can build a good relationship with this Eccentric God Hand, it would be like having one more…. no! More than just one more life!”

Xiao Luocheng also had an expression full of excitement on his face, and even the pain on his body felt refreshing while hurting him. He clutched his right fist and spoke as he clenched his teeth: “No need for father to worry; since I look like his grandson, I have ways to firmly grasp this Huangfu He. As for that Yun Che… Heh! I indeed will thank him greatly! What father said was right, I should take revenge with my own hands. At that time, I’ll cripple his hands and feet, and shatter all of his bones! I’ll destroy all of his meridians and profound veins! I’ll make his life more miserable than death!!”

Xiao Luocheng grew up in the lavish admiration of others and never before, had he suffered this kind of humiliation and transgression. Although he brought his current condition onto himself, it wouldn’t stop his hatred toward Yun Che from seeping deep down into his marrow… This was one of the reasons why Yun Che deliberately visited here to finish him off, after he had failed to kill him with the heavy blow from before.

To let a snake live after beating it was sinful, and to release a tiger back to the mountain will bring misfortune onto one’s own family. This was the creed he firmly engraved into his heart after experiencing countless situations of life and death.

The Branch Sect’s treasury was located below the medicinal hall. Not only was it covert, it also had an entire seven lines of defense. The treasury’s main gate was a stone gate of over three meters tall. Xiao Baicao pushed a oddly patterned round plate into a slot next to the stone gate and slowly turned it. Instantly, the stone door slowly started to rose upwards accompanied by a deafening rumble. This sound was enough to clearly transmit to the surface, which notified people nearby that someone had entered the treasury.

There were three of these kinds of stone gates and each one of them were approximately a foot thick. The sound of each door opening was even more louder than the previous one. If someone uninvited came, just opening the gate would be enough to alarm almost half of the sect.

With the three doors open, a wide tunnel appeared in front of them. Xiao Baicao said while bowing: “Senior Huangfu, please.”

Yun Che was also no longer modest and walked ahead with big strides. At the same time, he still didn’t forget to remind him: “You mustn’t be three steps away from me. Hmph, I wouldn’t want anyone to chatter false rumors about me.”

Xiao Baicao agreed with his mouth but he made a wry smile in his heart… Think about it, who was this Senior? Would he even bother stealing things from this little place? Even if he really wanted to, without profound strength and spatial rings, he fundamentally couldn’t take away much anyway.

As they walked into Xiao Sect’s treasury, rows and rows of shelves made of black wood appeared in their vision. Xiao Baicao went up and introduced: “These black wood shelves are all used to store medicinal ingredients. The medicinal ingredients that Senior needs can all be found here. Furthermore, the elixirs, rare treasures, profound cores, along with different kinds of purple crystals, uncommon metals, precious jade, weapons, armors, and even the Sect’s Arts that our sect had gathered through all these years…. It can be said that our sect’s thousand years of accumulation, are all secretly stored away here.”

As he spoke, Xiao Baicao’s face gloated with a strong sense of pride.

Yun Che stroked his beard, and said indifferently: “With the size of your sect, to have such a stockpile, it’s quite good.”

Mmm, that’s indeed quite good…. This daddy here has the medicinal refining skills and treasure that’s unrivaled between heaven and earth, yet was bothered by the matter of medicinal materials to the point of weeping without tears…. Tsk tsk, the stockpile of a thousand year old sect; I certainly didn’t come here in vain.





Chapter 93 – Tiger Soul


The treasury was very large and had at least a few thousand square meters of space. Yun Che walked straight toward the medicinal herb storage area; he stood right next to a huge row of black wood drawer shelves, with a sniff of his nose, he spoke right away: “The fourth drawer from the top in front, positioned to the right of the drawer are two pieces of Thirty Six Year Old Blood Sunflower Essence; take out one piece.”

Xiao Baicao became dumbstruck on the spot. The labels of these black wood drawers that stored medicinal materials were all hidden on the signboard that was positioned at the very top. If one didn’t pull the signboard down with their hands, it was impossible to read what was written on there. There were over one thousand different types of medicinal ingredients here, and even Xiao Baicao who most frequented here, only knew the approximate position of most medicinal ingredients. If he didn’t pull the signboard down, it would be difficult for him to accurately locate them. Yet this genius doctor from at least two steps away, who faced the forest of tightly closed black wood drawers, was actually able to yell out the medicinal ingredient stored within.

Xiao Baicao went forward and opened the drawer. Sure enough, the Blood Sunflower Essence was in there. Even though he knew this “Eccentric God Hand”’s medical skills pierced the heavens, he was still severely shocked and was more so convinced to the extreme. He quietly exclaimed, that a genius doctor, truly was a genius doctor, and he’ll never reach this realm in his entire life.

Yun Che walked through almost half of the medicinal ingredient’s storage area, and collected around seventy or eighty percent of the required materials while not opening a single drawer during that process. Yet, the required medicinal material’s position and age he spoke of were right on point; Xiao Baicao’s admiration and astonishment inside his heart grew deeper with every portion of medicinal ingredient he was told to fetch. He was the dignified Head Elder of New Moon City’s largest sect’s medicinal hall, yet when scuttling behind Yun Che with his back hunched and carefully following his orders to fetch medicine, he himself didn’t feel that it was inappropriate in the slightest; rather, he felt that it was a kind of honor.

“The medicinal materials are just about right, where are the Spirit Jades stored?” Yun Che said after he finished selecting the medicinal materials.

While carrying the black wood box that was filled with medicinal ingredients, Xiao Baicao walked in front of Yun Che and said respectfully: “Spirit Jades are usually stored together with precious artifacts, in the innermost area of the treasury.”

After he finished speaking, Xiao Baicao brought Yun Che to the deepest part of the treasury. The deeper they went, the thicker the spiritual aura’s concentration. What stored the precious jades was no longer black wood, but was instead cold jade, which was more than several dozen times rarer and more valuable than black wood. At least one hundred cold jade shelves were displayed in front of Yun Che; and just these hundred cold jade shelves, were already invaluable.

“There’s actually the smell of Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, and the purity is identical to the one in the hall earlier. I assume it to be the same piece.”

“Yes, it is exactly the same piece. Our Sect is only a small sect. To have an small piece of Purple Veined Heaven Crystal is already extremely difficult.” Xiao Baicao nodded, and at the same time, the admiration inside his heart was even more so, incapable of increasing any further. Medicinal ingredients had smells that could be identified, but the spiritual aura of precious crystals and spirit jades were not concrete like the medicinal material’s smell. With a sniff of his nose, not only was this genius doctor able to recognize the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, he also was able to even identify its purity… The longer Xiao Baicao was in contact with this genius doctor, the more inferior he felt. He deeply sensed that this genius doctor was simply a huge mountain whose summit was unforeseeable. In front of him, he couldn’t even be considered a lump of mud.

“This piece of Purple Veined Heaven Crystal was originally meant to be used as offering to the Main Sect at the end of this year, but it had to be taken out for Young Sect Master Xiao’s incident. It’s fortunate that Senior lent a hand; Senior not only saved our sect’s Young Sect Master, but also saved this kind of heavenly treasure. We really don’t know how to repay the favor Senior granted us.” Xiao Baicao spoke very emotionally.

“Oh? You have to offer such valuable treasures to the Main Sect every year?” Yun Che asked. He knew that the Branch Sect had to contribute offerings to the Main Sect. However, this kind of heavenly treasure like the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, was extremely difficult to acquire, even for the four major sects. If they had to contribute things of this level every single year, it would be just too harsh.

“That’s actually not the case. The Main Sect established that contributions of over one hundred thousand purple profound coins was enough. The Main Sect will grant us pellets of the best quality that were refined in the Main Sect every year. The more we contribute, the more the Main Sect would give back; sometimes, there were even high grade profound skills and precious artifacts.

One year…. One hundred thousand purple profound coins? Yun Che slightly gasped in secret. This Xiao Sect, was virtually a fucking blood sucking vampire. However, these Branch Sects must still obediently turn in contributions. Otherwise, without the Main Sect’s pellets and return gifts, the Sect will slowly deteriorate; if even the title “Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect” was removed, then these Branch Sect wouldn’t even have anything to back them up anymore.

When speaking of high grade precious artifacts, Xiao Baicao remembered something. He turned around and pointed toward a pale white long sword that was in the center of the weapon rack behind him, and said with a proud face: “Senior please look, this sword’s name is ‘Tiger Soul’, and is the number one valuable treasure that the Main Sect had granted us over these years. It also is the only Earth Profound artifact inside this New Moon City, and was extremely rare even in the Main Sect. Rumor has it that it was personally smithed by the Head Elder of Swordsmithing. The sword’s body was infused with a Earth Profound White Tiger Profound Core’s power along with the not yet scattered soul, and can easily slice open protective profound artifacts below the Earth Profound Realm. If brandished with profound energy, one can even faintly hear a tiger’s roar. Sect Master has always considered this as one of the most precious treasures in these recent years, and was unwilling to even use it himself. He had only hoped to gift it to Young Sect Master on his big wedding day, so Young Sect Master would become a tiger that has grown wings.”

This “Tiger Soul” sword had a sword length of three feet and three inches; the entire sword’s body was white, yet it was not a glimmering white like that of a piece of jade but was instead, a type of bizarre pale white. The sword’s body was not regular and was slightly distorted. Under a closer look, it looked as if it was made by assembling tiger bones together piece by piece. Even though he was very far away, he could faintly feel that the sword’s body was emitting a kind of hostile aura that made one extremely uncomfortable.

And this, was actually an Earth Profound Sword!

“It indeed is quite a good sword.” Yun Che stared at the Tiger Soul Sword, and slowly nodded.

“Since even Senior said that, Young Sect Master would definitely like it a lot when the time comes.” Replied Xiao Baicao.

After he made Xiao Baicao fetch a piece of extremely pure Scarlet Spirit Jade and a piece of Water Spirit Jade, all of the required materials were gathered. Yun Che didn’t display the slightest interest in this treasury, and cleanly walked toward the treasury’s exit… During the entire process, both of his hands had always been behind his back. Everything was fetched by Xiao Baicao; he had never even touched the box.

After exiting the treasury, Yun Che rushed straight toward the medicine hall to refine medicine. Xiao Baicao, who stood guard outside, recited everything that happened inside the treasury to Xiao Tiannan from beginning to end, and couldn’t stop praising his god-like ability of identifying medicine through drawers along with his breathtaking “Integrity” of not touching anything.

Xiao Tiannan, however, calmly smiled and said: “This is exactly the style of an expert. Moreover, with Huangfu He’s level and experience, other than the Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, there probably wasn’t anything that he found to be worthy in the entire treasury. Sigh, speaking of which, I had even doubted his identity as Huangfu He. Right now, I absolutely wouldn’t believe it even if you tell me that he wasn’t Huangfu He.”

——————————————

Unwittingly, Yun Che had already stayed in Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect for three days. In these three days, Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Luocheng passed every single day in astonishment and joyful surprise. To completely repair entirely shattered meridians, it originally was simply impossible without relying on Purple Veined Heaven Crystals. Even with Purple Veined Heaven Crystals, it wouldn’t be possible to do it so flawlessly, and would take at least a period of a few months.

But, with just three days, and only three days! All of Xiao Luocheng’s broken meridians were connected again, and became more and more vigorous. The extent of recovery was so great that it was almost impossible for them to believe, even when they saw it with their own eyes.

Toward this genius doctor that descended from the heavens, they deified him even more. The “Grandpa” that came out of Xiao Luocheng’s mouth was even more so, smoother and affectionate… It was practically more intimate than him calling his biological grandfather.

These past days, Yun Che would head to the treasury at least three times a day, and would call Xiao Baicao to follow him every single time. It was the same as usual; he absolutely refused to touch anything, and left right after gathering the materials.

“Senior, you see, the injuries of my son’s meridians are becoming more stable. I believe that with Senior here, within one month, all of his broken meridians would be completely mended… But the injuries to the profound veins… May I ask what Senior has planned?”

For three consecutive days, all Yun Che healed were the injuries on Xiao Luocheng’s arm and meridians, but never touched the shattered profound veins. If the profound veins couldn’t be healed, then Xiao Luocheng would only be a cripple. And the longer it was delayed, the harder it was to repair. He didn’t have the slightest doubt in this “Genius Doctor Huangfu’s” art of healing at this point, but seeing that he still hadn’t touched the matter of the hand’s profound veins, he couldn’t help but to be perturbed inside his heart.

Aftering hearing Xiao Tiannan’s words, Yun Che slightly pondered, and said: “Sect Master Xiao, I had originally wanted to start healing the profound veins on his arms on the first day. However, that time Xiao Luocheng had accepted me as his grandfather, and became my grandson; as for the matter of profound veins, I’ll have to consider some more.”

“Consider some more? What does Senior mean?” The inside of Xiao Tiannan’s heart moved about.

Yun Che glanced sideways, stroked his beard, and said to Xiao Luocheng with a face full of gentleness: “My grandson, do you wish to become an unparalleled master?”

As he said that, both Xiao Luocheng and Xiao Tiannan’s heart fiercely jumped and they themselves, almost leaped up from the excitement. Xiao Luocheng panickedly nodded: “I do! Of course I do! Grandson wants to even when dreaming!”

Yun Che slowly nodded, and said: “Looking at your current profound veins, your previous level of profound strength ought to be at the tenth level of the Nascent Profound Realm, no? With this kind of strength, you should be considered quite good in the same age group of this little city. However, you have over a world’s difference from the level of unparallelled masters! I’ve seen countless strong youngsters in my life. With the same age as you, some had already even reached the Spirit Profound Realm… and even the Earth Profound Realm!”

These few sentences of Yun Che’s bullshit made Xiao Luocheng and Xiao Tiannan vehemently gasp… Having reached the Spirit Profound Realm and Earth Profound Realm with the age of sixteen or seventeen? Does someone like this really exist? Can that even be considered human? That would be simply a monster!!

“Restoring your profound veins can be considered a piece of cake for me. However, you’ll then need to start cultivating from the Elementary Profound Realm. But with your grandpa here, after your profound veins are restored, there’s a way to let you directly step into the Earth… Profound… Realm!”

The few sentences that Yun Che spoke after, were like landmines that exploded inside the ears of the father and son with the surname Xiao. It made them stare with their mouths agape.

Sixteen years old… to the Earth Profound Realm right away! If someone else had said this, the Xiao surnamed father and son would surely consider him a madman! However, who was this person? He was the Eccentric God Hand! The remarkable man that could be called the number one genius doctor of the Profound Sky Continent! All of the abilities he had exhibited over these past days had made them stare with wide eyes. How could his words possibly be false?

Xiao Luocheng felt so blessed that he was on the verge of fainting. He asked with his trembling lips: “Grandpa, th… There is really such a way?”

“Heh heh, does your grandpa here seem to be someone who makes empty promises?” Yun Che “kindly” smiled: “Under the heavens, only I am able to accomplish this method. And to do so, two prerequisites are needed; the first, are shattered profound veins; as for the second…”

“Wh… What is it?” Xiao Tiannan took a step forward and impatiently asked.To reach Earth Profound Realm at the age of sixteen; it was never seen or even heard before in this Blue Wind Empire. If it really was achieved, then his son Xiao Luocheng, would definitely become the number one of Blue Wind Empire’s younger generation. Moreover, it would be unprecedented and there wouldn’t be anyone that could accomplish this after… Just by thinking about it, he was already feverish to the point of trembling, from top of bottom.

“A… Dragon Core.” Yun Che slowly replied.





Chapter 94 – Extortion


“Dragon core?” Xiao Tiannan was taken aback, and then ventured further: “It can’t be… a Dragon’s Profound Core?”

“That’s right.” Yun Che nodded and made a seemingly profound gesture as he slowly spoke: “Profound Veins are one of Heaven’s greatest gift to mankind. It has allowed man to possess strength far greater than what they are capable of themselves. But because of the existence of these profound veins, it is necessary for the heavens to impose a set of rules and natural law. Be it a genius or one of mediocre talent, it is necessary for his growth and strength to increase progressively, to go against this would be to rebel against the Heavens.”

“However, if your profound veins have been damaged, then they are no longer whole, and it can be said that…. they no longer have to follow the rules that profound veins must. Currently, my grandson Luocheng has had his profound veins broken, and is almost crippled. In order to ‘break’ this condition, as long as we can obtain a dragon’s profound core, then I can find a way to draw out the core’s energy and infuse it into his damaged profound veins. I can then repair them once more and let Luocheng start from the beginning with profound veins that are above average. Among the profound beasts, the dragon’s profound core energy is the most similar to humans. Therefore, only the dragon profound core will work and the higher the grade, the better.”

Of course, Yun Che’s words were pure nonsense, but Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Luocheng took it all in as if it was heaven’s verdict. But was no wonder that they did; after all, these words came out from the Eccentric God Hand’s own mouth and the fact that they simply had no idea what they meant, was only natural. They only felt that his words were mysteriously profound and incomparably awesome. Yet at the same time, Xiao Tiannan’s face fell: “In this world, for such wonderful secret techniques to exist… But, *sigh*, dragons are revered as one of the most respected and powerful creatures, and even the lowest sort of mature dragons are of the Sky Profound level. Sky Profound Cores are so priceless that even if it’s the Main Sect, there are only a few, let alone dragon cores. For Luocheng to be able to meet Senior, is already a miracle bestowed by the heavens. However, this dragon core that you ask for, it is simply impossible to be found.”

“Hahahaha!” Yun Che laughed blandly: “Impossible to find? No, in front of your eyes, there is already a place where you can seek it out. Not only that, it is even an Emperor Profound Dragon Core!”

“Wh… What!? Emperor Profound Dragon Core?” Xiao Tiannan involuntarily shouted in shock. What sort of thing was an Emperor Profound Core? It was something that not even the Main Sect would dare to covet! To such a miniscule branch sect like theirs, it was even more so a godly item from the legends. As for an Emperor Profound Dragon Core, it could even be said to be the legendary “Divine Emperor Core” that may even allow a practitioner at the pinnacle of the Sky Profound Realm to easily break past the bottleneck and step foot into the Emperor Profound realm.

“Where can I possibly find it? If I can buy it from there, I will definitely get it, even if it means spending the entire Sect’s fortune.” Xiao Tiannan spoke agitatedly. Even though this information came personally from the Eccentric God Hand, Xiao Tiannan didn’t dare to believe it. How would it be possible for an object miraculous enough to shake the entire Blue Wind Empire, to appear in this little New Moon City? Even if it was true, by now, New Moon City should have already been crowded by travellers from all over the land.

“Four days ago, when I was passing by the New Moon City branch’s Black Moon Merchant Guild, I just happened to catch a whiff of a Dragon Core, and it was also one of Emperor Profound grade. In my entire life, if the number of high leveled Profound Cores I’ve worked with does not number a hundred thousand, it would still be around eighty thousand; it was certainly an Emperor Profound Dragon Core. At that time, I too, did not dare to believe it at first, and even stood at the door for a while more to verify it.” Yun Che took a look at Xiao Tiannan’s shocked expression and said: “For an Emperor Profound Dragon Core to emerge from such a tiny New Moon City, it is indeed strange, but seeing that it’s from the Black Moon Merchant Guild, it would also be understandable. This Emperor Profound Dragon Core must have been from the main branch, but as to where it was meant to be sent, that would be a mystery.”

Xiao Tiannan listened while in a daze and his heart incessantly surged. Xiao Luocheng’s eyes were already the size of saucers as he shouted: “Father, Grandpa is the number one genius doctor in the country; he definitely did not make a mistake! You must find a way to help me obtain that Emperor Profound Dragon Core. My entire life, and the future of our branch sect completely rests on Grandpa and this Emperor Profound Dragon Core.”

The news of Black Moon Merchant Guild actually having an Emperor Profound Dragon Core also had shocked Xiao Tiannan immensely, but he unquestioningly trusted Yun Che’s words. The corner of his mouth twitched as he bitterly muttered: “Since it is Senior’s knowledge, then it must not be wrong. But our little New Moon City is simply not worthy of possessing an object as godly as the Emperor Profound Dragon Core. Perhaps New Moon Merchant Guild’s main branch had prepared to sell it to some great being, and is only leaving it at New Moon City temporarily. I am no more than the sect master of a little branch sect that belongs to Xiao Sect; even if I know that the Emperor Profound Dragon Core is currently in the possession of the Black Moon Merchant Guild, it is also absolutely impossible that they are willing to sell it to me. Even if they’re willing to reach a compromise and sell it… It is fundamentally impossible for us to purchase an Emperor Profound Dragon Core.”

“I’ve already thought of this aspect.” Yun Che began to fumble his pockets. After rummaging for a long time, he finally procured a shiny purple Profound Currency card —— The exact one the clerk had given him the first time he had visited the Black Moon Merchant Guild. After placing it onto Xiao Tiannan’s palm, he indifferently spoke: “Around thirty years ago, Black Moon Merchant Guild’s current owner had been ambushed by enemies and sustained heavy injuries after a bitter fight. After narrowly escaping with his life, I nursed him back to health. He had handed me this Profound Currency Card, and claimed that with this Profound Currency Card, I could buy anything I wanted at the lowest price from any Black Moon Merchant Guild in this continent. For thirty years, I have never used this Profound Currency Card, but have always brought it with me, in case of emergencies. Since it has been gifted by the owner, it should be of use.”

From Xiao Tiannan’s original examination, it was only a very ordinary purple-gold card. But upon hearing f how it had come about, his two hands trembled so agitatedly that he almost dropped the purple gold card. Black Moon Merchant Guild’s owner; he was in fact the number one overlord in the entire of Profound Sky Continent. He was an imposing figure whose wealth and influence pierced the heavens! For him to have personally given this purple-gold card, in addition to the words he had said… This purple-gold card’s value, was definitely not lower than that of an Emperor’s Profound Dragon Core!

“Senior, if this was given to you by the owner of the Black Moon Merchant Guild, then this purple-gold card is simply too precious… The fact that Senior did not hesitate to take it out for Luocheng’s sake, this junior truly does not know how to repay this huge favor.” Xiao Tiannan emotionally said as he held the purple-gold card in his hand.

Yun Che gently chuckled, and his expression revealed traces of melancholy: “Luocheng is my grandson. As his grandfather, is it not natural for me to do these… Sigh, this could also be considered to be me using Luocheng to make amends for my regrets from that year.”

“Luocheng, quickly thank your grandfather!” Xiao Tiannan said loudly.

Xiao Luocheng immediately struggled to get up and bowed solemnly to Yun Che. He was so emotionally moved that he was practically to the point of tears: “Luocheng will keep Grandpa’s magnanimous favor in his heart forever… Luocheng will definitely be filial to grandfather in the future. If not, I shall be struck by lightning, for even the heavens and earth will not tolerate that.”

The corner of Yun Che’s mouth lifted, and he laughed with a thoroughly “gratified” expression. He patted Xiao Luocheng’s shoulder and beamed as he answered: “Good, good, you are truly my good grandson. Grandpa does not wish for anything else other than to hear you call me grandpa a few times everyday. Just this would warm my heart… Xiao Sect’s Master, this matter should not be delayed. You must immediately take this Purple Currency Card and personally make a trip to the Black Moon Merchant’s Guild. I am a hundred percent sure that there’s an Emperor Profound Dragon Core there. However, as to how you’ll elicit this information from them, it’ll be up to your skills. Also, it’s best to bring Xiao Baicao along with you; he should be able to identify whether or not it is an Emperor Profound Dragon Core.”

“Yes, this junior will call for Elder Baicao to go with me to Black Moon Merchant Guild at once!”

Even without Yun Che’s reminder, Xiao Tiannan knew that this was a matter best handled personally, and the more quiet and secretive this trip was, the better. If the news of New Moon City possessing an Emperor Profound Dragon Core were to spread, the repercussions would simply be unimaginable.

Very quickly, Xiao Tiannan called for Xiao Baicao. The two men were preparing to leave when Yun Che paused them in their tracks, and said: “The distance from here to Black Moon Merchant Guild is quite far. Moreover, the matter of this Emperor Profound Core is important, so even if you managed to purchase it in the end, it would require you to spend a large amount of time. Within this duration, I have drop by your treasury sporadically based on Luocheng’s condition. Therefore, you should leave the keys to the treasury to someone you can trust.”

“This…” After Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao looked at each other, Xiao Baicao agilely pulled out the keys to the treasury, and said: “Senior, there are a total of two keys to the treasury, and they have always been with this junior and Sect Master. It has never been given to a third person, and we had never dared to do so in any way. When thinking about it, the only person we can currently pass the key onto would be you, Senior. If at any time, Senior needs to acquire herbs or any precious stones, you can enter with this key at any time.”

Yun Che glared, then fiercely swung his hand away, and said unhappily: “What nonsense! The key to your treasury, how can it arbitrarily land in an outsider’s hands! Both of you are already near a century old; how can you still do things so irresponsibly!”

Xiao Tiannan laughed, “This key to the treasury, must obviously not be simply given to anyone. However, even though I’ve only known Senior for a couple of days, Baicao and I hold the highest respect for your medical skills and noble character; we cannot feel more at ease leaving it in your hands. Other than Senior, we would definitely not dare to pass it to anyone else. Besides, for the duration we are gone, the condition of Luocheng’s injury may change at any moment. If that were to happen, we’d have to bother Senior to do more for us, but if there is a delay in treatment because you were unable to get anything from the traesury, that would be… So we must ask Senior to take this key.”

Yun Che still had a difficult expression on his face, but after deliberating for a while, he finally heaved a quiet sigh and received the key from Xiao Baicao’s hands: “Alright. You two should try to leave early and come back as fast as possible. For that Emperor Profound Dragon Core, you should bring as much money as possible with you, it wouldn’t be too much to even to bring the entire sect’s fortune.”

Filled with gratitude, Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao departed. After they had left for a quarter of an hour, Yun Che stepped into the medicine hall. Following the route he had already memorized earlier on, he walked straight toward the treasury with his head held high and chest lifted up.

He walked past the guards without any obstruction; not only did the guard not block him, he even received respectful greetings from them as he walked past. Reaching the door of the treasury, he brought out the key and consecutively opened three stone doors to step into the treasury that brimmed with cold air.

Seeing the dazzling assortment of medicine, jade, crystals and weapons fill his vision… The corners of Yun Che’s mouth slowly lifted up bit by bit as he stood at the door of the treasury….

After painstakingly acting for so many days, it was finally time to reap the rewards.

A sect’s accumulations of a thousand years. How big this fortune must be, if it all vanished in a day; this entire sect branch would probably be halfway on the brink of collapse…

Regrettably, that’s what happens when you provoke an ominous star like me!!

If I didn’t have a trump card to play, the one who would be ruined wouldn’t be Xiao Luocheng, but me… Perhaps I would already be dead by now!

Going back on your word and coming to New Moon Profound Palace to settle with me? Heh… Then let’s properly settle it right now! What you’ve amassed for a thousand years, I’ll just treat it as compensation for psychological distress… and accept it!!

Yun Che quickly walked to the rows and rows of black wooded medicine shelves, pressed his hand on them and exerted a little strength, and mountains of medicinal herbs, along with the shelves, were absorbed into the Sky Poison Pearl. The absorption’s effect and capacity of the Sky Poison Pearl far exceeded, and was incomparable to that of ordinary spatial rings. Even if the shelves were extremely big, it wouldn’t take him much effort. Within thirty minutes, more than a thousand groups of medicinal shelves had disappeared right there. Soon afterwards, groups of cold jade followed suit…

This treasury was pretty large but with the Sky Poison Pearl’s limitless capacity, even if this treasury were a hundred times bigger, if Yun Che was given enough time, he would still be able to absorb it all into the Sky Poison Pearl.





Chapter 95 – Poison Fire Rod


In less than a quarter of an hour’s time, all of the precious crystals and precious jade contained in the treasury, including the Xiao Sect Branch Sect’s most valuable treasure – the piece of Purple Veined Heaven Crystal, were all absorbed by Yun Che into the Sky Poison Pearl. Immediately, Yun Che once again turned his attention to the thirty meter long weapon rack. Out of the weapons and armors that were qualified to be hung here, not a single one of them was commonplace, especially not the Tiger Soul Sword that hung in the middle. It exuded a proud and regal aura while being surrounded by several hundred weapons of the highest quality, which would make one unable to resist locking one’s gaze on it at the very first sight.

Sword, dao, dagger, firearm, spear, halberd, whip……. Every kind of weapon that should be here was here and among these weapons, swords were in the majority. After all, Xiao Sect and the Heavenly Sword Villa were the alike; they relied mainly on the sword as a weapon. Yun Che tossed all of these weapons into the Sky Poison Pearl and then opened a considerably small metal chest placed underneath the weapon rack. The smothering smell of gunpowder immediately assaulted his nostrils, yet it was the thing contained within that slightly startled him.

This metal chest contained three extremely short and oddly shaped weapons and there were also nine fist-sized iron bead shaped things that were placed separately. He picked up the weapon and sized it up with a puzzled face….. Judging from his touch, this odd shaped weapon should have been crafted from refined steel. The material couldn’t be considered precious and could even be considered unpresentable amongst all the weapons in the treasury, yet it gave Yun Che an extremely dangerous kind of feeling. Assuming a bent shape, it was roughly the extent of a grown man’s arm and felt heavy in his hands.

Turning it over on the other side, Yun Che noticed a very small label.

Poison Fire Rod!

Rod?

From what Yun Che knew, a rod should be referring to the eye of an axe’s handle, but here, it had instead appeared on this oddly shaped weapon’s name. It was Yun Che’s first time seeing this kind of weapon, and also his first time hearing this name. Seeds of doubts sprouted in his mind……….Don’t tell me this isn’t a weapon at all? But why would they place it below the weapon rack? If it was a weapon…… It seemed like there isn’t any attacking capability at all, but what’s going on? What is this dangerous feeling I’m sensing?

At the turning point of the Poison Fire Rod, was a protruding piece of metal, and it seemed to even be able to move about. Yun Che probingly pressed down on it………

BOOM!!!

A loud noise sounded, and a flicker of flames fiercely shot out from the Fire Poison Rod’s opening. The huge power of its rebound made Yun Che fall on his buttocks. The Fire Poison Rod had been disposed of and was flung backwards to a considerable distance…. The Yun Che who sat on the floor opened his eyes wide and stared at a fist-sized hole that suddenly appeared on the wall in front of him. The black hole still discharged with smoke made him heavily choke down a mouthful of saliva.

Th-Th-This… Could it be that it’s some kind of hidden weapon! The power was actually this terrifying!

And judging by the smell, what was shot out earlier clearly also had an extremely toxic venom that would kill the moment it touched blood!

Yun Che walked over to pick the Poison Fire Rod back up, and also picked up the metal balls inside the metal chest. They were extremely heavy in his hands, and three big words were shallowly etched onto the ball’s surface.

Sky Tremor Bomb!

Below the big words, there were also a line of small words: Use profound power to shatter the casing, then toss it out.

The sense of danger emitted by this pitch black metal ball far surpassed the Poison Fire Rod; one could imagine how terrifying of a power was hidden within. Yun Che didn’t dare to test it. He returned it back into the chest and sighed in his heart…. Something this terrifying ought to be created by the Xiao Sect’s Artifact Sect. If one wasn’t familiar with the special properties of these two objects, and was suddenly caught off guard by an opponent using these, they would definitely die an extremely unjust death if they didn’t have enough power.

However, they have now entered Yun Che’s Sky Poison Pearl, and became his valuable life-saving weapons.

Yun Che stayed in the treasury for an entire four hours. He swept everything inside the treasury into Sky Poison Pearl and didn’t even leave a single strand of hair for Xiao Sect. After he finished looting, Yun Che clapped in satisfaction and walked toward the exit. However, he suddenly stopped when he was only one step away from the exit, and quietly muttered to himself: “To have hollowed out another’s family property without even making a sound, it indeed feels kind of unacceptable… I should at least leave them with something…”

As he thought till here, Yun Che once again turned around. He randomly took out a weapon and carved an entire three lines of huge text. Only after examining his handiwork did he finally stride towards the three stone doors, closed them, and walked out of the treasury.

As he expected, when he returned to the Medicine Hall, Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao had not yet returned. Yun Che entered the pill refining room for a while and then came back carrying a bowl of medicinal soup. After waking up the slumbering Xiao Luocheng, he gently chuckled: “Come and drink this medicinal soup.”

Due to his body’s injuries and “future prospects”, Xiao Luocheng was one hundred percent submissive to this “Grandpa”. Not asking what sort of medicine it was, he immediately held it up and gulped it down. After he finished drinking, he impatiently asked: “Grandpa, is my father still not back yet?”

Yun Che answered with a beaming smile: “It is nearly time and they ought to return pretty soon. However, once they return, you ought to also have fallen asleep. After waking up tomorrow, your profound veins will also be completely crippled. Even if ten Huangfu Hes arrive, don’t even bother to think about being saved. Hehehehe.”

Yun Che’s words caused Xiao Luocheng to become stupefied for a while. A sudden surge of unease spread in his heart as he forced a smile: “Grandpa, what…. What did you say? You’re…. playing a joke on me right?

“Ah, I’ve always been joking around, but it’s only this time alone that I, your grandfather am not playing a joke on you.” Yun Che started to laugh, and his laugh was awfully dangerous. He extended his hand and softly rubbed his face. A layer of extremely thin skin was easily unmasked as he revealed his original face. His voice also resumed his original tone: “Good grandson, have a good look at who your grandpa is.”

To Xiao Luocheng, seeing a face suddenly transform before his very eyes was like a having the misfortune of being struck by lightning. His pair of eyes exaggeratedly widen so fiercely that they almost bulged out. In that split second, he began to wonder if he was dreaming…. But even if he was dreaming, it was fundamentally impossible for him to have such an absurdly bizarre dream.

“Yun…. Yun Che!!”

“Mn?” Yun Che drew back the corners of his mouth to grin and then cynically smiled: “Xiao Luocheng, my good grandson, how did you suddenly become so uncultured, to actually dare to directly call out I, your grandpa’s great name.”

“Impossible…. Impossible! How could it be you… Impossible!” Xiao Luocheng’s body huddled backwards as the expression on his face contorted to the extreme… Terror, shock, shame, dismay, incredulity; a pair of eyeballs even more so, continued to maintain an outwardly bulged state, as if they witnessed the most terrifying scene in this world. After a long time, he finally snapped out of something, and started shouting panic strickenly with a trembling and coarse voice: “Somebody… Somebody quick… Somebody come!””

“It’s useless even if you yell your throat out. It’s not like you don’t know that in order to prevent my identity from leaking out, which would affect your injuries, your father had prevented anyone from coming near here. Tsk tsk, how meticulous of him.” Yun Che lifted his chin with his hand and smiled while looking at Xiao Luocheng, whose face was ghastly white with a completely frightened expression: “But you don’t need to be so scared, I won’t actually kill you; after all, you’ve called me grandpa so affectionately for a few days already and even vowed to be filial to me for your entire life… Heh heh, even a cruel tiger wouldn’t eat its offsprings; how could I, your grandpa, kill my good grandson. Grandpa will let you lay comfortably on your bed for your entire life, and let you reminisce your grandpa’s kindness for a lifetime.”

The plot twist in front of his eyes, along with Yun Che’s words, almost completely collapsed Xiao Luocheng’s psychological defenses. Right now, his lips was pale to the point of not having the slightest hint of blood color. If he hadn’t seen and heard it personally, even if one killed him, he would still have never thought that this “Unrivaled Genius Doctor” would actually be Yun Che! They were two people of completely different realms, and shouldn’t have the slightest thing in common. This kind of psychological impact almost collapsed his entire view of the world. During these days, everyone had treated him as a god and served him like the previous Sect Master; he had also kneeled and kowtowed to him, and even called him grandpa for a few days. This kind of humiliation was enough to leave a lifelong mark in his soul.

“Yun Che…. We have no past resentments, no recent animosity…. It was even you who seriously injured me first…. What exactly do you still want to do….” Xiao Luocheng asked in a heavily trembling and fearful tone of voice.

“Heh heh,” Yun Che coldly smiled and answered as his complexion returned to indifference: “When we had first met, we indeed had no past resentments and no recent animosity. However, even though we had no resentments, you unexpectedly wanted to ruin me… Hah, you don’t need to quibble; the number of people who wanted to kill me, is even more than the number of people you’ve seen in your entire life. I clearly understood what you wanted to do to me at that time. As for your reason to ruin me, you yourself, understand that best. If it were anyone else, they ought to be ruined by you already. But it’s quite a pity, that you met me.”

“I, as a person do not have many great merits; other than being extraordinarily handsome in appearance and phenomenal in disposition, the only thing left is repaying kindness tenfold, and taking revenge hundredfold. If you wants to destroy me, then I’ll destroy you first. Even though we had a pact earlier, your father still had personally come to New Moon Profound Palace to try to take my life. Because of that, I’ll just make your entire sect suffer through pandemonium that not even chickens and dogs would be left undisturbed!”

Yun Che’s narrowed his eyes, his entire face was brimmed with aloofness and a cold sneer: “When you wake up tomorrow, tell your dad that it’s only a meager lesson this time. I am a natural born ominous star; if you continue to provoke me again, the next time won’t be as “gentle” as this! Perhaps, this entire sect of yours, would forever vanish from this Profound Sky Continent!”

“You….” Xiao Luocheng’s eyes opened wide as he unwaveringly fixed his gaze onto Yun Che. Before his eyes, the current Yun Che had undoubtedly become his worst nightmare. He only had enough time to spit out a single word before his vision turned black as his body heavily fell down backwards.

Yun Che coldly laughed and stood up. He ruefully muttered: “In this situation, I could only use this sort of sneaky, underhanded, and shameless way. I don’t know when I’ll reach a state that would let me be completely unrestrained and brazenly crush clans whenever I want.”

It was only due to the other party’s heartless cruelty that he crippled him, and then secretly stole the entire sect’s thousand year’s worth of accumulation. It was indeed a bit excessive and cruel. However, Yun Che wanted his strength to advance in the quickest speed possible, which meant that there was an urgent need for a great amount of high level medicinal ingredients…. And this Xiao Sect Branch Sect just happened to throw themselves onto the tip of his spear. That being the case, they had the complete and unfortunate luck of bringing trouble to themselves.

Yun Che rubbed his face, gently patted it, and then once again resumed his appearance to that of “Huangfu He”. He didn’t immediately pat his bottom to leave because this Xiao Sect was too large, and was also on top of a mountain. If alone, he was bound to lose his way.

Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao had finally rushed back after another hour passed. Both of their faces were flushed red with excitement; clearly, they had already acquired the “Emperor Profound Dragon Core”.





Chapter 96 – Escape (1)


“You’ve returned. And judging from your expressions, it seems as if you’ve already gotten a hold of the dragon core.” Yun Che said as he stood in front of them with a serene look on his face.

But Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao couldn’t remain calm no matter what. Xiao Tiannan said ardently: “What Senior had felt earlier was as expected not mistaken in the slightest. The Black Moon Merchant Guild really did possess a dragon core, and its quality had even reached that of the Emperor Profound! When I told them I wanted to buy a dragon core, they had entirely denied the dragon core’s existence. But when I took out the purple-gold card, their attitude completely changed; not only did they take out the dragon core themselves, they even gave us an extremely low price. However, we were required to not reveal the slightest bit of information about this dragon core.”

Right now, Xiao Tiannan and Xiao Baicao’s admiration toward this Eccentric God Hand was like a surging river; the two of them had never even dreamed that they would be able to see an Emperor Profound core with their own eyes during their entire life, and even more so, to possess one. On the trip back, the two excitedly and carefully, rushed back in the fastest speed possible. They, who were able to cover the sky with one hand in New Moon City, even actually had a feeling of breathless anxiety.

“How much money did they receive?” Asked Yun Che.

“Six hundred thousand purple profound coins.” Xiao Tiannan hurriedly replied. He clearly understood in his heart that if he didn’t have that purple-gold card, within the Blue Wind Empire, let alone six hundred thousand purple profound coins, he wouldn’t be able to buy it anywhere even if he had six million purple profound coins. Even though this almost thoroughly emptied all the available funds that the Branch Sect had, he still felt that it was a tremendous bargain.

Yun Che’s brows uncontrollably trembled twice…. This Black Moon Merchant Guild, is so fucking wicked! After buying it for fifty thousand from my hands, they then actually resold it for six hundred thousand…. And looking at these two’s manner, this price was so cheap that it was virtually free!

“Give me the dragon core so I can take a look at it.”

After he finished speaking, Yun Che received the profound core that Xiao Tiannan handed to him, pretended to examine it for a while, and spoke while nodding: “It certainly is a Emperor Dragon Profound Core, and also a dragon core of an adult Flame Dragon that was acquired within two months at that. Very good, with this Emperor Dragon Profound Core here, to let Xiao Luocheng’s profound strength directly reach Earth Profound Realm after the recovery of his profound veins would be a breeze.”

Xiao Tiannan was overjoyed. To create a sixteen year old genius of the Earth Profound Realm with only six hundred thousand purple profound coins; that had never existed in history…. In this world, there simply wasn’t any cheaper bargain than this.

Yun Che returned this dragon core to Xiao Tiannan, and prodded: “Keep it in careful custody, don’t let anyone know of its existence. Otherwise, a man without sin, becomes sinful holding treasures; all the sects of this Blue Wind Empire with some capability would possibly come. Your Main Sect, would even more so, come to take it at the first notice.”

“Yes. We will definitely not leak this out to anyone.” Xiao Tiannan naturally knew how difficult it would be if that were to happen. After considering it for a while, he probed: “But, this Emperor Profound Dragon Core’s aura is too extraordinary. If an expert were to come across it, it would be hard to escape notice even from far away. An undue delay may bring trouble, so I wonder if it’s possible for Senior to start…. for Luocheng… err….”

Yun Che heavily stared and then nodded after a while: “An undue delay may bring trouble…. You’re right. Very well, then the matter of restoring the profound veins shall be carried on ahead of schedule and begin tomorrow. But a mere Emperor Profound Dragon Core is still insufficient when wanting to immediately make a breakthrough. This also requires a few other special materials, and these special materials are not found in your sect’s treasury. However, the Black Moon Merchant Guild ought to have some in stock. How about this. Xiao Sect Master, dispatch a person to bring me to the Black Moon Merchant Guild. This kind of method that could oppose the heavens is extremely strict in the types of materials it requires, so I must personally make the trip myself.”

Xiao Tiannan heart stirred with excitement as he promptly replied: “Alright, I will personally accompany Senior on this trip. With me here, there absolutely will not be anyone in New Moon City who would be capable of injuring a single hair on Senior’s head.”

“No, it is inappropriate for you to go.” Yun Che shook his head and lightly said: “As the master of your sect, if you personally bring me with you, then it is difficult to let others wonder about my identity. Before coming here, I travelled in all directions, so it didn’t matter if others knew of my identity. However, if I wish to stay here to cure my grandson, Luocheng’s injuries, I definitely must not let others know of me being here. Xiao Sect Master, appoint a trustworthy person who also would not raise any suspicions, to accompany me.”

“It is still Senior who has thoroughly thought this through.” Xiao Tiannan believed that Yun Che’s profound words were right. After thinking about it for a while, he continued: “Then I will tell Zaihe to accompany Senior. Although Zaihe is at that age, he has already entered the Spirit Profound Realm. Even if something unexpected were to happen, he definitely would be able to completely protect Senior.”

Soon enough, Xiao Zaihe was called over, and he took Yun Che down the mountain.

————————————————

New Moon Profound Palace.

Yun Che had already disappeared for three days.

Although Yun Che had left behind a brief note upon his departure so Xia Yuanba didn’t need to worry about him, how could Xia Yuanba possibly not worry? In these past three days, he looked everywhere within this New Moon City, yet did not find even the slightest trace of his presence. There wasn’t even a single person who had seen him either. In fact, Lan Xueruo’s anxiousness was at the same level as Xia Yuanba’s; she had searched high and low throughout the entire New Moon City with him.

Up until this day, she simply could not wait any longer.

“I must make a trip to Xiao Sect! After asking around for so many days, not a single person in New Moon City has seen him; this is too strange. I suspect that he must’ve been quietly seized by Xiao Sect. This is basically the only possibly that could have happened.” Lan Xueruo claimed as her face trembled.

Qin Wuyou sighed: “Aye, I also believe that this is the case. But, first of all, we have no proof. Second of all, it has already been three to four days; since he had crippled Xiao Luocheng, Xian Tiannan would hate him to the bone. If he had fell into his hands, at the moment, he ought to have already….”

Lan Xueoruo bit her lip and answered with a resolute determination: “If dead, I must see the corpse! If alive, I must see the person! If he’s still alive, I must think up of any way possible to bring him back.”

Qin Wuyou stared blankly for a while, and then asked: “You Highness, why do you go so far as to care so much this Yun Che? Not to mention that you and him only had a day’s worth of contact, even if his aptitude is above average, Blue Wind Profound Palace’s Fen Juechen and his age are similar, yet he has surpassed him by almost two huge realms. Aside from Fen Juechen, one’s who surpass Yun Che in Blue Wind Profound Palace are far too many to count. Why are you so attached to him?”

Lan Xueruo slightly closed her eyes and quietly answered: “I originally did consider Fen Juechen, but…. although he had defected from Burning Heaven Clan, in the end, he is still a person born from the Burning Heaven Clan, and is even the Clan Master’s biological son. Even if he becomes a member of my imperial household, he would still be criticized by others. Furthermore, even you, clearly understand his temperament; he is uncommunicative and emotionless, with a wolf’s arrogance and conceit. It is because of that haughtiness, that caused him to defect from Burning Heaven Clan. How can he possibly, and willingly, vow his loyalty and devotion to the Imperial Family? In this world, there simply exists not a single person who can genuinely handle him.”

“As for Yun Che…. Palace Chief Qin, have you ever heard of someone who has crippled an opponent whose level is almost a great realm from theirs? I have cultivated my Monarch Heart Secret Arts since childhood and excel in seeing through the heart; even Fen Juechen could not escape my eye. Yet when facing Yun Che, I actually was incapable of seeing through him one bit. I believe that when Palace Chief Qin confronts him, you too, will certainly feel the same way. I rarely meet such a person throughout my entire life. The most frightening part about it, is that he is only sixteen years of age.”

Qin Wuyou answered: “What Your Highness has said is correct. His shrewdness is deep and unmeasurable; from his gaze, I can only see what he wishes for me to see. Whatever he doesn’t want me to see, I could not see it one bit. It’s just that…. this kind of person is bound to be multiplicatively more difficult to manage than Fen Juechen.”

“No, this is different.” Lan Xueruo shook her head: “What I need is not a manageable person; I simply wish that he would help me by representing the Imperial Family when the time comes, and nothing more. On that day of the banquet when Xia Yuanba had been wounded, the violent rage he expressed on that scene, and his heavy-handedly injuring of the one who caused Xia Yuanba’s injuries under the eyes of everyone present without hesitation, is proof of how important he regards friendship. As long as we are sincere towards him, he in turn, will also be sincere. Also, he currently is unattached like duckweed, and has nowhere to go. When he follows me to Blue Wind Profound Palace, everything will be right again. And right now, is the best opportunity. If he truly is in Xiao Sect’s hands, and still alive, rescuing him will ensure that he remember this favor in his heart. At that time, it surely impossible that he would decline.”

Even though he had repeatedly heard Lan Xueruo’s various justifications already, from beginning to the end, Qin Wuyou was completely incapable of understanding exactly where, the care and confidence she had towards Yun Che came from. After all, even though Yun Che’s performance was extremely astonishing, his starting point was just too low. A sixteen year old at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm could be regarded as above average in New Moon City, but in that arena…. was simply not even worth mentioning.

Furthermore, the distance from that time to now, was already extremely close. How could he possibly achieve the desired height within such a short amount of time.

Perhaps, her “Monarch Heart Secret Arts” had sensed something.

“Since this is Your Highness’ decision, I naturally would not oppose it. If Your Highness insists on doing this, then I too, will go with Your Highness to the branch sect.” Qin Wuyou said somewhat grudgingly; because he knew that if Yun Che had fallen into Xiao Sect’s hands, everything would surely point towards disaster.

“No need. It’s best if this matter does not involve New Moon Profound Palace in anyway. It will be fine if I just go myself. When necessary, I will publicly reveal my identity.”

Qin Wuyou hesitated for a while, and then nodded his head.

——————————————————

Yun Che and Xiao Zaihe had already walked for half an hour and it could be said that they had already left the sect. Xiao Tiannan continuously clasped the sparkling red Emperor Profound Dragon Core in his hand and did not dare to release it for even a second. At this time, he suddenly thought of something and then slapped his forehead to say: “Baicai, quickly go to the treasury and bring out that Snowy Mountain Cold Jade case that had just been completely here!”

Xiao Baicai complied and went…. It wasn’t until long that he ran back so frantically that he had almost stumbled. His complexion was panicky pale, as he had just seen the devil in broad daylight. All of a sudden, he fell down in front of Xiao Tiannan and spoke in a trembling voice: “S…. Sect Master! Tre…. Treasury…. Empty…. EMPTY!!”

“Empty? What’s empty?” Xiao Tiannan’s heart thumped and he didn’t fully react for a short period of time.

Xiao Baicao fiercely choked down a mouthful of saliva as he answered with difficulty: “Everything’s gone…. Inside the treasury…. Everything’s gone…. EVERYTHING’S GONE!!”

“Wha… What!?” Xiao Tiannan turned pale in fright. He stupidly stared for a while, before wildly charging towards the direction of the treasury.





Chapter 97 – Escape (2)


The last door of the treasury opened in the midst of the rumbling sounds. Standing in front of the treasury’s entrance, Xiao Tiannan’s head went “Boom”, and almost exploded.

What appeared before his eyes was a scene of emptiness. The treasury that was more than ten thousand square meters was so empty that every corner could be clearly seen. All of the herbs, precious artifacts, precious gems, precious jades, even the Sect’s profound arts and profound skills; their thousand years of accumulation, cleanly vanished without a trace. It was so clean as if a tornado had just cleanly swept through. Not even a strand of hair could be seen.

Xiao Tiannan’s body suddenly swayed violently. Thanks to the fact that he was the head of a sect, his heart was tougher than others, so he almost did not go crazy on the spot.

“What is this about… WHAT IS THIS ABOUT!! WHAT EXACTLY HAS HAPPEN!! What happened to the things here? Where did they go? WHERE DID THEY GO!!” Xiao Tiannan grabbed Xiao Baicao, and wildly roared like a furious male lion.

“I… I don’t know… I don’t know!” Xiao Baicao panickedly shook his head as his expression filled with extreme fear. When he came here just a moment ago, he had immediately fell on his bottom in shock the instant the treasury’s had opened. Even until now, his body still violently twitched; his mind was even messed up from confusion within his shock. The items inside this treasury was the entire branch sect’s heritage, this entire sect’s lifeline!

“I… I just asked the guards, just today, only Huangfu He had come by before, furthermore he stayed an entire four hours inside!”

“Huangfu… He?” Xiao Tiannan was suddenly stumped for words, then shook his head with a pale expression: “Impossible… It should not be him. He is the Eccentric God Hand, how could it be him…”

These few days, Yun Che’s “Eccentric God Hand’s” great name and his preeminent medical expertise had sincerely convinced them, even almost to the extent of worshiping him as a god. His acting skills were simply too excellent, even when Xiao Tiannan was faced with this kind of situation, subconsciously, he still did not suspect him… It was because, why would someone who’s the world’s number one genius doctor, think highly of the things in their small and little sect. He simply had no reason to do such a thing.

Moreover, his profound strength was merely just on the Nascent Profound Realm and he did not have any spatial rings… Even if it was the highest grade purple spatial ring, it would not be more than a few hundred square meters of space. How could he have moved away everything from the entire treasury.

“Sect Master, there… There seems to be some written words?” Xiao Baicao stared with his eyes wide open as he pointed at the wall in front of them.

Xiao Tiannan swept his gaze over, three lines of words appeared neatly before his eyes.

Xiao Tiannan you old geezer, I’ll accept the presents you and my filial grandson Xiao Luocheng have given me. Since you have decided to provoke me, you eventually have to pay the price. However seeing how comfortable you had waited upon me these two days, I’ll tell you two secrets, the first one: I’m afraid my poor grandson Xiao Luocheng really is going to be crippled this time, even if the real Huangfu He is to come, he can forget about saving him. As for the second one, that Emperor Profound Dragon Core is fake. Hahahahahaha….

Signed below the three lines of words was a great big name.

Your Granddaddy Yun Che!!

That’s right, Yun Che directly signed his own name. Actually, if he had not left this name, Xiao Tiannan will never link it to him. However he left it there… This was a kind of arrogance, a kind of confidence and conceit, and even more, a kind of humiliation. I precisely want you guys to know who caused you this kind of suffering! So you guys shall know who you have offended! I’m not afraid of your revenge! Want to take revenge? Come as you please!

Xiao Tiannan’s body shook violently, and his facial colour became imcomparably pale. Under his extreme rage, a mouthful of blood came rushing upwards and wildly spurted from his mouth as his entire person collapsed backwards.

A thousand years of the sect’s accumulation, gone in an instant. Who could have handled such a blow?

“Sect Master!”

Xiao Baicao gave a cry of grief and hurriedly supported the collapsed Xiao Tiannan. Xiao Tiannan had not fainted on the spot, but his face was already drained of color. His eyes became unfocused as murmuring hoarsely from his mouth: “Impossible… Impossible… Impossible…”

He had never seen Yun Che’s appearance before but he knew he was only a sixteen year old youngster. No matter what, he could not link a sixteen year old youngster with the genius doctor that had stayed in the sect for the past three to four days. That preeminent medical expertise and opinion, his sagely temperament, his gaze as if he had been disillusioned by the mundane world, how could it possibly belong to a sixteen year old.

If it was a disguise, how could he, an Earth Profound Realm practitioner, not see through a Nascent Profound Realm weakling’s disguise?

He was even more unable to understand what method he use to move everything away from this huge treasury.

The sect’s thousand year old heritage was instantly scooped empty; this kind of setback had completely smashed his psychological barrier, causing him to fall into a nightmare. Unable to believe that all of this was real, only three words continuously repeated in his mind: Impossible… Impossible… Impossible…

“Yun Che… the one who injured Young Sect Master?” Xiao Baicao supported Xiao Tiannan’s body up, gritted his teeth and said: “Sect Master, calm down! What we need to do now is to calm down! That Huangfu He is most likely Yun Che in disguise; he had planned for so many days just to take revenge on us. However, he might not have gone far. At the moment, he should have just left the sect not too long ago; he would never have thought that we would go into the treasury so fast. Zaihe is still with him. Quickly, use the Sound Transmission Talisman and inform Zaihe to immediately apprehend Yun Che! The items in the treasury can still be completely recovered.”

Xiao Baicao’s words cause Xiao Tiannan to wake up from his trance. He quickly took out a Sound Transmission Talisman and locked onto Xiao Zaihe’s Sound Transmission Imprint…

————————————————

As Xiao Baicao had expected, Yun Che and Xiao Zaihe had indeed just left the sect and was not too far away. However, reaching there, Yun Che paused his footsteps and spoke to Xiao Zaihe with an indifferent expression: “It’s fine, there’s no need to go with me anymore. It’s fine if you just wait for me here. I will head off to Black Moon Merchant Guild myself.”

Xiao Zaihe was startled, and puzzledly asked: “But there is still quite a distance to the Black Moon Merchant Guild. Sect Master had instructed me over and over again to protect Senior’s safety….”

“Hmph!” Yun Che coldly snorted with impatience: “Before I go to Black Moon Merchant Guild, there is still some private matters I have to attend to, so I don’t need to be followed. You can just wait here.”

Seeing the “Genius Doctor” reveal an unpleasant expression, Xiao Zaihe’s heart fell and did not dare to persist in the matter as he promptly replied: “Since it’s Senior’s command, Junior… Junior will just wait here.”

At this moment, he felt that an energy wave from his Sound Transmission Stone.

To achieve long distance sound transmission, a Sound Transmission Talisman is used up every time. Hidden in the Sound Transmission Talisman was a small scale sound transmission formation. Even if it was of the lowest grade, sound could be transmitted within five kilometers, and its price was extremely high as well. As for high grade Sound Transmission Talismans that could reach over a thousand kilometers, their prices were even more astronomical. That was why one would normally not bear to use up a Sound Transmission Talisman unless it was something of great importance.

Xiao Zaihe hurriedly took out the Sound Transmission Jade. Xiao Tiannan’s thundering roar was immediately transmitted in his mind and it caused him to instantly turn pale with fright as he involuntarily let out an alarmed cry from his lips: “WHAT!?”

Originally, this time’s retaliation and plundering of Xiao Sect’s branch sect was originally supposed to be as flawless and absolutely safe according to his plan. During the middle of its execution, it also progressed smoothly without a single hitch. According to his plan, it was suppose to end today…. They were suppose to bring a person of no importance to send him out of the sect. After that, he would find an excuse to leave by himself, make his getaway so clean that Xiao Sect would not be able to find him anywhere. He planned to then spread news that Xiao Sect obtained an Emperor Profound Dragon Core out everywhere. If that happened, it would alert those countless amount of people who coveted this Emperor Profound Dragon Core, and they would all come knocking from thousands of miles away. When that time comes, the entire sect will land in an abyss of deep water and scorching fire. If they were never at peace for many days and nights, how would they even have any energy to spare to seek revenge against him.

However, no matter how smart a person was, it would be impossible to predict what a person would do next. For instance, Yun Che also never thought that in such a short amount of time since he had left, Xiao Tiannan would actually send Xiao Baicao to the treasury because of an insignificant matter that suddenly popped up in his mind…

Right when Xiao Zaihe took out the Sound Transmission Talisman, Yun Che furrowed his eyebrows and vaguely had sensed that something was wrong. When he saw Xiao Zaihe’s expression changing, he knew that what he had done in the treasury was already been exposed faster than he anticipated… His eyebrows sunk, and he immediately cursed in his heart: Fuck! This isn’t logical! How can it happen so fast! In theory, I should have only been found out tomorrow. AHHHHH!

Yun Che did not immediately break into a run. Instead, the expression on his face did not change as he steadily walked forward. He prayed that it was only him thinking too much about it, and that Xiao Zaihe’s response was only due to some other issue. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the case. He suddenly felt a wave of bone-chilling murderous aura come from behind him.

“Yun Che… for it to actually be you, bastard! Hand over your life!!”

Yun Che’s footsteps paused momentarily. Then, without thinking twice, he rushed forward with his quickest speed.

Even though Xiao Zaihe had already said it out loud, he still felt really perturbed in his heart; he simply couldn’t connect the genius doctor in front of him with Yun Che. But with Yun Che bolting away, Xiao Zaihe instantly had no more doubts. Carrying an imposing killing intent similar to that of a storm, he started to chase.

“Jasmine, what level is this person’s cultivation at?”

“First level of Spirit Profound Realm.”

“~!@#$%… What do you think are my chances of escaping from him?”

“You and him have the difference of two huge realms, if this princess does not give you a hand, the chances of you escaping is zero! If this princess gives you a hand, he will die, but if you use all the blood in your body, this princess also have ninety percent of dying!” Jasmine replied in a low voice.

“……”

Yun Che paid his respects to all eighteen generations of Xiao Tiannan’s ancestors in his heart… Why didn’t you play around the “Emperor Profound Dragon Core” that you just bought with Xiao Baicao instead rushing to your motherfucking treasury!!

“Little bastard, let’s see where you’ll run to!!”

Xiao Zaihe’s malicious voice came from behind. With a Spirit Profound Realm’s cultivation, catching up with him, who was Nascent Profound Realm, was so easy that it barely took any effort. In only a few breaths of time, he had already closed in more than half the distance between them, and another few breaths of time was enough to catch up. But at this moment, Yun Che had instead, completely calmed down. As his right hand stroked on his left hand, a heavy pitch black metal ball was grasped in his hands. He carefully shattered the outer casing using his profound energy, abruptly twisted his body, and tossed it behind him.

“Sky… Sky Tremor Bomb!!”

A iron ball suddenly flew toward his face with a speed that wasn’t considered too fast. If it were someone else, more than half would slap it away with disdain. However, Xiao Zaihe was different; he knew of the Sky Tremor Bomb, and was someone that had personally witnessed its power. During the the constriction of his pupils, he abruptly lowered his body, and dodged it with an extremely unsightly pose. He then covered his head with both his hands, and hastily threw himself onto the ground.

BOOOM!!

The Sky Tremor Bomb landed on the ground and exploded with a boom. A sandstorm that covered the sky was raised along with the sky tremoring boom and under the sandstorm, was a thirteen to sixteen meter gigantic hole that plumed with thick black smoke. Yun Che turned his head around and was so frightened by the astonishing power that he jumped a little before clenching the second Sky Tremor Bomb in his hand without hesitation.





Chapter 98 – Escape (3)


“You little bastard! You actually dared to steal our sect’s treasures!”

Xiao Zaihe got to his feet rather haggardly, as he let out sounds of rage and fury. Again, he ran towards Yun Che and closed the distance between them in the blink of an eye. Yun Che turned his head and threw the second Sky Tremor Bomb using a bit of force from his hands. But this time, rather than crashing into Xiao Zaihe’s face again, it landed on the floor in front of him.

Sure enough, upon seeing the Sky Tremor Bomb that had landed in front of him, Xiao Zaihe blanched and immediately stopped where he was, falling backwards in one fell swoop.

BOOM!!!!

A plume of lava hot smoke struck out from behind; its impact caused Yun Che to stagger and almost fall. The distance between the two temporarily widened again, but this advantage he had gained was merely fleeting. After all, a single Sky Tremor Bomb could only earn him so much time.

The third Sky Tremor Bomb was clutched in his hand. He needed to rush to the city center in the shortest time possible; his only possibility of escape lied in getting into the city.

“You bastard! There are only a total of six Sky Tremor Bombs. Let’s see whether you’ll be able to escape the moment you finish using all those bombs!” Xiao Zaihe was still hot on his heels, but had already been reduced to gnashing his teeth in hatred and frustration. These Sky Tremor Bombs were a fire type weapon created by the Xiao sect’s main branch and was extremely powerful; even if it was a Spirit Profound Realm user who was to face it head on, it would only mean certain death or serious injuries. Sky Tremor Bombs were a weapon for survival that the branch sect’s elder had devoted his entire life to. Yet they had landed in Yun Che’s hands and he was recklessly using it for himself in this way. It was fortunate that the opponent’s profound strength was low; the Sky Tremor Bombs he had thrown out were all easily avoidable. Otherwise, he would have been finished here today.

What Xiao Zaihe had just shouted precisely voiced Yun Che’s fears. There were indeed only six Sky Tremor Bombs, and altogether, these six spheres could give him no more than two minutes of time; it was hardly enough to allow him to rush into the city.

He had to think of other solutions.

As Yun Che held onto the Sky Tremor Bomb, his heart palpitated and his brows furrowing closer with each passing second. Yun Che has already been chased far too many times, and even situations a hundred times more dangerous than this were too numerous to be counted, but amongst those situations, he had escaped mostly with the help of the Sky Poison Pearl’s toxic energy. However, as of today, the Sky Poison Pearl’s had already lost its toxicity; he had also finished using his Star Concealing Grass and forceful struggling was even more out of the question. Therefore, the only thing he could rely on was…

Yun Che breathed in lightly, and began to quickly comb through the Xiao Sect’s treasury for medicinal herbs, searching for those that could be combined to instantaneously achieve an extremely toxic effect.

At this moment, a girl’s elegant silhouette entered his line of vision. The young lady’s clothing was snow white, and even though it was from afar, it left a clear impression of approaching nobility and elegance.

Although the distance between them was too far and Yun Che was unable to see her face, barely a beat passed before a name appeared in Yun Che’s heart… Because in this New Moon City, only one girl had given him this impression.

It’s Lan Xueruo!? Why would she be here? This was obviously a place only those who were heading towards Xiao Sect would cross, unless…

By then, Yun Che had no time to think any further. He quickly dropped the disguise and threw another Sky Tremor Bomb behind him.

With a loud boom, Xiao Zaihe avoided the aftermath of the explosion from several dozens of paces away just in time. Yun Che rushed forward to the young lady he was nearing and shouted: “Senior Sister Xuerou!”

The reason why Lan Xueruo was here was to check with the Xiao Sect if Yun Che was there. A deafening explosion caused her to pause in her tracks and lift her head. A quick glance let her see a wildly running Yun Che bolt towards her.

“Yun Che?” Lan Xueruo murmured as her eyes flashed with pleasant surprise. In any case, he was still alive; this had been the conclusion she’d been hoping to reach in her trip to Xiao Sect today. But immediately afterwards, she noticed Xiao Zaihe pursuing closely behind.

“Little bastard! Let’s see where you can run! See if I won’t break both your legs and cripple all your limbs!” Even though Xiao Zaihe had not been harmed by the Sky Tremor Bombs, having to dodge three of them consecutively had caused him to look worse for wear. Covered from head to toe in soot, even his roars carried hints of anger and thinly-veiled embarrassment.

In an instant, Lan Xueruo understood what had happened. Not having enough time to think any further, she furrowed her eyebrows and called out anxiously: “Junior Brother Yun, come here quickly to where I am!!”

While speaking, she stretched out her right hand. Suddenly, a snow white imprint flashed above the back of her hand: “Little Snow, come out!”

In response to her soft cry, the imprint on the back of her hand burst out with light and was accompanied by a high pitched squawk that seemed to come from the heavens. A Giant Snow Eagle emerged from the white light in front of her.

“A contracted profound beast!?” When seeing the Giant Snow Eagle that had suddenly appeared by Lan Xueruo’s side, Yun Che’s heart was thrown into a state of surprise. Concurrently, his heart also surged with pleasant surprise. His steps somewhat quickened even more as he clenched his teeth and reached towards Lan Xueruo.

Lan Xueruo jumped atop the Giant Snow Eagle’s back and her slender snowy hand took hold of Yun Che’s outstretched palm to finally pull him onto the snow eagle’s back. The Giant Snow Eagle flapped both wings and took to the sky amidst a lengthy bird cry. It charged skywards like lightning, and then became no more than a speck in the sky within the blink of an eye.

A crisis of life and death was unexpectedly, avoided. The flying speed of the snow eagle was extremely fast; the wind whistled past his ears and the cold air that poured into his chest prolonged his suffocation all the more. It was only when the snow eagle’s flight had stabilized that he was able to adapt to the situation. After heaving a long sigh, he opened his eyes to then see Lan Xueruo, who sat in front of him, stare at him with a faint smile.

It was only then that Yun Che remembered he was still wearing a very unflattering robe, yet his facial expression didn’t change in the slightest. Instead, he happily laughed: “Senior Sister, did you suddenly discover that no matter how crude the clothes are, it would have a certain flair to it as long as I’m the one wearing it?”

Lan Xueruo was slightly startled, but laughed along in spite of herself. Her laughing expression was as radiant as a hundred blooming flowers: “It is indeed Junior Brother Yun after all; to not forget how to praise himself even after almost losing his life.”

“Yes. I did almost lose my life just a moment ago.” Yun Che rubbed his forehead, and felt some measure of lingering fear. If it hadn’t been for Lan Xueruo’s sudden appearance, his chances of escape were abysmally low. The area in front of Xiao Sect had been far too vast, and the sense of futility he felt during his escape had driven him close to tears.

“Speaking of which, Senior Sister, why have you come to this place? Do you have something to do in Xiao Sect?” Yun Che asked.

“Mn.” Lan Xueruo lightly nodded as her gem-like eyes roved over Yun Che several times. After ensuring that he wasn’t hurt anywhere, her facial expression finally relaxed and her gaze became even more gentle: “After you’d suddenly disappeared three days ago, Yuanba and I have been combing through the entire city to no avail. Then I thought that you may have been quietly kidnapped by Xiao Sect, which is why I came looking for you.”

Yun Che stiffened momentarily. His heart surged with an indescribable emotion as he was left lost for words. After quite a while, he spoke as quietly as possible: “This division of Xiao Sect is the largest in New Moon City. For a girl like you to come alone, did you not consider how dangerous that would be… You’ve only known me for just a few days, why must you be so nice to me?”

Lan Xueruo smiled and softly replied: “I’ve told you this before, it’s because I’m your senior sister.”

Yun Che: “……”

Previously, Lan Xueruo had promised that her family member would safely send him into Blue Wind Imperial City within ten days to avoid the impending troubles Xiao Sect would undoubtedly bring upon him. Since then, he had always suspected. After having been through so much, he definitely would not believe that someone would be so nice to a person she was unfamiliar with, for no rhyme or reason. Even to the point where taking such a huge risk may place herself in great danger or even jeopardize her life. Now, Lan Xueruo had come to the Xiao Sect all alone to find him, and even extricated him from the immense danger he was in… This solidified the only possibility that Yun Che held in his heart.

The Senior Sister Xueruo before his eyes… must have fallen in love with him at first sight! And was infatuated once again!

Apart from this reason, he was completely unable of thinking up other reason as to why a girl would help a penniless, powerless, unskilled guy she had happened to meet with no family background to such a large extent.

“Junior Brother Yun, have you really been kidnapped by the Xiao Sect these past few days? How did you escape?” After passing a glance at Yun Che’s clothes, Lan Xueruo smiled with her beautiful eyes: “It can’t be that…. you disguised as a servant and snuck out after deceiving them?”

“This… Close enough. But I, for one, was not kidnapped by Xiao Sect. I came in of my own accord.” Yun Che laughed smugly, but did not offer any further explanation. Instead, he turned the conversation around and asked: “Senior, you actually have a contracted Profound Beast? And it even seemed to be one of an extremely high level.”

Seeing that Yun Che obviously did not want to mention what had happened during these past few days in Xiao Sect, Lan Xueruo dropped the matter and followed the flow of conversation: “Its name is Little Snow, and it’s a True Profound Giant Snow Eagle. My master and I nurtured it ourselves, and it became my contracted profound beast upon reaching maturity. Although Little Snow may appear to be very large and heavy, its aerial skills are quite formidable and it can fly extremely fast…. Oh right, Junior Brother Yun, where are you heading to next?”

Yun Che fell silent, and then slowly answered: “I’ve given Xiao Sect a “huge present”. At the moment, they must searching through the entire city to find me, so I definitely can’t return to New Moon Profound Palace, or any place within New Moon City. I am not sure where to go to next either…. Aside from New Moon City, anywhere else is fine…”

Right at this moment, Yun Che suddenly felt an abnormality in the wind beside his ear. Due to his unusually keen intuition, he subconsciously turned around. With just one look, he saw a black speck rapidly close in on them from just a few kilometers away.

“What’s that!”

Merely a few moments had passed between his realization and his outburst, but within the span of this short duration, the black speck in his line of vision had already become a vague black silhouette. It was clear just how frightening quick it was. Lan Xueruo immediately turned around. Her eyes locked on its target, and she subsequently let out a cry of alarm “It’s the Fierce Storm Hawk, the highest level profound beast that the Xiao Sect had raised!”

“Wha~t!” Yun Che frowned immediately.

“Why are they mobilizing even their Fierce Storm Hawk just to chase after you…. And it’s actually so fast!” A look of panic marred Lan Xueruo’s snowy complexion, because she was completely aware that the Fierce Storm Hawk’s speed was not inferior in any way to that of her Giant Snow Eagle’s; in fact, its stamina far surpassed that of her profound beast’s.

However, she would not have asked this if she had known what Yun Che had done in Xiao Sect.

“Faster, Little Snow!!”

At her call, the Giant Snow Eagle beneath her gave a mighty flap of its wings and suddenly accelerated as its long white profile swept towards the north. But the dark silhouette behind it showed no signs of slowing down as it chased closely behind.





Chapter 99 – A Game of Life and Death


A giant white eagle and a huge black hawk swept through the sky respectively as if streaks of white and black lightning; it caused countless pedestrians to stop and look one after another as they tried to guess what exactly those high level profound beasts were. But right after, the hawk and eagle flew increasingly further and higher and very quickly, completely vanished above the clouds

“Little Snow! A bit higher!”

The Giant Snow Eagle’s entire body was as white as snow; Lan Xueruo had hoped that after it flew above the clouds, they could hide their silhouettes with the cloud’s help. But Yun Che understood very clearly, that this may have worked if it were some other type of flying profound beast that chased behind them; however, what was behind him just happened to be a hawk. Hawks were the true rulers of the sky, and there was nothing that could escape the eyes of a hawk.

The Giant Snow Eagle flew higher and higher, and had passed through countless layers of clouds. However, the Fierce Storm Hawk still chased relentlessly. The Giant Snow Eagle could fly very high, enough to reach an attitude of five thousand meters; but in terms the altitude of flight, it was far from being able to be compared with the hawks. A ordinary adult hawk could already fly to the altitude of ten thousand meters, let alone a Spirit Profound ranked Fierce Storm Hawk.

Fortunately, in terms of the flight speed, the Giant Snow Eagle wasn’t inferior to the Fierce Storm Hawk; even though it followed behind closely, the distance remained consistently the same. The Giant Snow Eagle had no way of throwing the Fierce Storm Hawk off its tail, but the Fierce Storm Hawk couldn’t catch up to the Giant Snow Eagle anytime soon either. However, the Giant Snow Eagle’s rank, after all, was lower than that of the Fierce Storm Hawk’s; for the Fierce Storm Hawk to catch up with the Giant Snow Eagle, it was only a matter of time.

“According to what I know, this Fierce Storm Hawk was captured alive by the Xiao Sect a few years ago. It doesn’t seem to have been fully tamed yet, and is not some contracted profound beast either, and there are risks of it escaping if it were released. So unless it was some imperative matter, they simply would not release this Fierce Storm Hawk…. Junior Brother Yun, what exactly did you do to Xiao Sect?” Lan Xueruo asked nervously as she tightly clutched the Giant Snow Eagle’s plume.

The sound of the wind howled like the rumbling of thunder. Facing Lan Xueruo’s question, Yun Che hesitated a little, and answered truthfully: “It’s okay if you choose to not believe what I’m about to say… I completely crippled Xiao Luocheng, and made them lose six hundred thousand purple profound coins for naught….” Yun Che slightly paused, but nevertheless, chose a way of wording that was easier for others to swallow: “I also thoroughly destroyed their sect’s treasury.”

“Ah!” Lan Xueruo’s opened her beautiful eyes into a round shape; her lips were wide open as she looked at him dumbfounded, as if she was looking at a monstrosity.

“I swear by my appearance that these are all true.” Yun Che helplessly said.

“….” Lan Xueruo was speechless for a long time. She didn’t doubt Yun Che’s words; she was certain that based on her view of Yun Che’s nature, he fundamentally wouldn’t use such ridiculous words to fool her in this kind of situation.Yet, it was exactly because she didn’t doubt Yun Che’s words, that she was immensely shocked and frightened inside her heart. What shocked her was that Yun Che, who was a youth at the first level of the Nascent Profound Realm, was actually able to bring such a disaster to New Moon city’s largest sect all by himself; this was something utterly unimaginable. What frightened her… Was that crippling Xiao Luocheng and losing six hundred thousand purple profound coins could already amount to a deep hatred; but to destroy the sect’s treasury…. It would be more than just deep hatred! This kind of hatred was enough to last through hundreds of generations and thousands of autumns!

If Xiao Sect’s Branch Sect didn’t want to chop Yun Che’s corpse into tens of thousands of pieces at all cost, even she would think of that as odd.

It was no wonder that in order to chase him down, Xiao Sect had even released the Fierce Storm Hawk.

Lan Xueruo was originally considering whether if she should stop this pointless escape and reveal her identity, which would absolutely be enough to assure Yun Che’s safety. But after listening to Yun Che’s words, she tossed this idea away altogether. Based on what Yun Che had done, if he was to fall into the Xiao Sect’s hands, let alone herself, she wouldn’t be able to save him even if she made use of her father.

Looking at Lan Xueruo’s reaction, Yun Che said somewhat guiltily: “Senior Sister Xueruo, sorry, I’ve burdened you.”

Lan Xueruo lightly shook her head: “This is my own choice, there isn’t anything that could be considered a burden.” She gently smiled and comforted him: “Also, Senior Sister protecting a cute Junior Brother, is a matter of course without saying.”

“It’s too early to say you are burdening me, for it is still not certain that we can’t escape. Perhaps they’ll stop chasing us after awhile. Or maybe… that Fierce Storm Hawk would suddenly become disobedient and fly in a different direction elsewhere; that’s all possible… Little Snow, fly a little faster!”

When hearing Lan Xueruo’s words, some complexity flashed though Yun Che’s expression. As Lan Xueruo spoke these words, he didn’t discover the slightest hint of regret, deceit, and impurity from the depths of her eyes.

He didn’t like to be in debt to other people but this time, he was doubtlessly indebted to her. He owed her his life, or perhaps, some sort of emotion….

“Speaking of which, Junior Brother Yun, how did you manage to infiltrate into the Xiao Sect anyways? And how did you devastate them to this extent? Is it alright for you tell me?”

Naturally, the current state of Lan Xueruo’s heart was terribly anxious. However, her eyes revealed an extremely pure curiosity as she spoke and made Yun Che, who had originally wanted to conceal everything, incapable of refusing. He thought for a bit, and narrated to her: “Long long ago, I had a Master. I learned some medical skills from Master, and in them included the art of disguise. Xiao Luocheng was gravely injured by me, and the sect would surely search for doctors everywhere in the city. Therefore, I disguised as a middle-aged doctor…. And infiltrated the Xiao Sect…”

Yun Che was naturally very eloquent in his speech and vividly recited what had happened during these few days in Xiao Sect to Lan Xueruo. Of course, he didn’t mention matters like the Emperor Profound Dragon Core; that, he couldn’t let others know. The entire descriptive process was undoubtedly fantastic; it caused Lan Xueruo to, at times, open her pink lips wide, at times laugh as she covered her mouth, and at times have a face of shock…. Especially when she heard that he was mistaken as an unrivaled doctor, as well as Xiao Luocheng kowtowing to him as his godgrandfather. She promptly laughed while holding her stomach to the point of tears squeezing out of the corner of her eyes… The entire time, it was as if she had forgotten that they were currently in a dangerous situation.

Two hours passed, four hours passed….

The sky had already darkened. As four hours and hundreds of kilometers were passed in the howling sound of the wind, Yun Che and Lan Xueruo’s ears were close to being deafened. They already did not know where they currently were located. Each time they turned their heads back for a countless number times, they still could clearly see the Black Hawk’s silhouette each and every time.

“This is bad! They’ve almost caught up! Little Snow, fly a little faster. Little Snow!!”

Yun Che turned his head around and was shocked to find that the Fierce Storm Hawk behind them had closed in from over a thousand meters to less than three hundred meters. Sitting on the Giant Snow Eagle’s back, Yun Che clearly felt its body cramping…. To a True Profound Beast, flying on full throttle for four hours was already near miraculous. If it wasn’t Lan Xueruo’s contracted profound beast and possessed absolute loyalty to Lan Xueruo, persisting to this extent would simply be impossible.

Yet the Fierce Storm Haw’s rank advantage was clearly displayed at this time. Its speed of flight barely had the slightest trace of declining. The occasional hawk’s cries that came from it was full of energy, and resounded through heaven and earth.

“Senior Sister, don’t force it anymore. Its strength is already exhausted and if this keeps up, its lifespan will be directly damaged.”

As the Giant Snow Eagle’s master, Lan Xueruo understood its current condition better than Yun Che. She bit her lips and tightly gripped both of her fists.

The Giant Snow Eagle’s body spasms became more and more severe; even its posture was no longer stable. It started to falter and sway, and the speed even more so became increasingly slower. The Fierce Storm Hawk behind them progressively shortened the distance and at this time, a hideous voice came from behind them: “Little bastard, to actually make this daddy here chase for so long! This time, let’s see where else you can run!!”

Yun Che turned around all of a sudden and only now discovered that the Fierce Storm Eagle had already caught up to within hundred meters. The Fierce Storm Hawk’s entire appearance, as well as the silhouette that stood on it’s back was in clear view… It was undoubtedly Xiao Zaihe!

“Senior Sister, let Little Snow fly downwards at once, we should prepa-…”

As Yun Che spoke halfway, he suddenly stopped; because in that earlier instant, an extremely dangerous feeling came from behind him. He turned his head around almost as quick lightning, and with a single glance, saw the oddly shaped weapon held by the Xiao Zaihe who was standing atop the Fierce Storm Hawk’s back.

That is….

Poison Fire Rod!!

Xiao Zaihe actually possessed a Poison Fire Rod!

Before he could even react, he already saw a flicker of fire suddenly burst out of the Poison Fire Rod… Instantaneously, a line of lethally dangerous aura flew toward them with a speed faster than sound. It originally was supposed to fly toward Yun Che, but under the violent air current, it underwent a slight degree of offset, and flew straight toward Lan Xueruo’s chest.

“Senior Sister careful!!”

Lan Xueruo, who was still turning her head around, completely did not notice the fatal danger closing in. When she finally noticed it, she already couldn’t react in time at all…. In her enlarged pupils, a pitch-black object increasingly became closer; and right after, it was solidly blocked by Yun Che’s body that swooped in front of her…

Poof!!

A huge hole opened on Yun Che’s shoulder and blood splattered everywhere. Even though he avoided any vitals, he still underestimated the Poison Fire Rod’s power; the instant he was hit by the Poison Fire Rod, he had almost heard the hideous cackle of the Grim Reaper.

“Junior… Junior Brother Yun!!”

Lan Xueruo’s body froze in place. Only when she saw Yun Che’s shoulder that had been instantly dyed red by blood, did she finally let out a terrified cry and panically supported his body that was slowly toppling over.

“Senior Sister…” He could bear the severe pain from the wound but under the heavy shot his mind scattered, and made him feel as if he was incapable of supporting himself. With a ghastly face, he said with difficulty while biting the tips of his tongue: “That is… the Poison Fire Rod, it has an acute poison… If hit… inevitable death.… Hold me… and jump down…. Jumping down… we may die…. But if we don’t jump… we’ll definitely die…”

Acute poison?

Looking at Yun Che’s bloody and mutilated shoulder made the inside of Lan Xueruo’s heart violently tremble. She nodded with misty eyes and tightly hugged Yun Che’s body: “Very well…. Let us jump.”

At this moment, in the face of the Yun Che who blocked for her with his life, she still chose to follow blindly even when faced against the high altitude of a few thousand meters. She hugged Yun Che and stood up on the Giant Snow Eagle’s back. Looking at the vast land underneath, she softly whispered: “Little Snow, you’ve worked hard… Come back and rest well.”

As her voice faded, the mark on her hand flashed. With a long cry, the Giant Snow Eagle’s gigantic body disappeared within the white light.

Yun Che and Lan Xueruo’s bodies also fell straight down as they plummeted toward the vast unknown below them.





Chapter 100 – The Fall


When Yun Che and Lan Xueruo suddenly jumped down like that, Xiao Zaihe was caught unexpected. By the time he stopped the Fierce Storm Hawk, he already could not see their silhouettes.

“Hmph, they must be crazy! Even if it was me, I would be smashed into pulp if I jumped down from this height. But that brat was hit by the Poison Fire Rod, so he is already doomed to die.”

The ground below seemed to be a vast area of wilderness. Within the calm atmosphere permeated a foreboding sense of danger. He was certain the two people who jumped down were doomed to die, however, Yun Che took everything from his sect’s treasury so he may have an item with enough spatial capacity to contain all those stolen items. Yun Che’s life or death did not matter; what was more important was finding his sect’s treasures.

In the fastest speed possible, Xiao Zaihe plunged straight down. As soon as he dropped, he received a violent attack from a wild True Profound Beast. He struck out his palm to swiftly eliminate it, but he didn’t expect that his attack would accidentally pierced a hornet’s nest. A large group of True Profound Beasts started to roar from all around, forcing him to have no other choice but to quickly flee in fear.

The wilderness stretched for hundreds of miles. For more than four hours, Xiao Zaihe searched like a fly without its head; yet he did not find the slightest trace of their presence even after continuously searching till the sky had turned completely dark. The profound beast population here was unexpectedly dense, and most of them had a ferociously violent temperament. Despite searching for only four hours, he had already suffered dozens of attacks. Included amongst them was even a low level Earth Profound Realm profound beast. Even though he managed to escape by relying on his Fierce Storm Hawk, his entire body was still covered with a layer of cold sweat.

This area’s aggressive profound beasts were abnormally dense. Enough time had passed for these aggressive beasts to devour Yun Che’s corpse till not a speck remained, which would make it impossible to find him. As he thought to here, despite having a bellyful of gloom, Xiao Zaihe had no choice but give up his search as he steered the Fierce Storm Hawk towards the direction of New Moon City.

————————————————

For Yun Che to allow Lan Xueruo to hug him and jump down together was definitely not a choice made out of desperation. Instead, it was because if they didn’t, they would have definitely died in the hands of Xiao Zaihe. But if they did jump, they would definitely survive.

Because there was Jasmine.

“Are you mad?!” Yun Che’s actions gave Jasmine a big shock.

As his body quickly plunged downwards, the other soft and warm body was firmly hugging him. However, he had no time to enjoy this kind of wonderful sensation. He raised his left hand and seven different kinds of medicinal herbs quickly appeared within the gentle grasp of his palm. Under his light grip, the seven medicinal herbs turned into a single pill after being refined by the Sky Poison Pearl. He then slapped the medicinal pill into his mouth with effort and forcefully swallowed it down. After that, he finally spoke to Jasmine in a hurry: “Jasmine, you mustn’t try to save me! Or else you’ll die! For now, try to lend me a portion of your power; enough for me to use the Profound Floating Technique.

After killing the Flame Dragon, the powerful poison in Jasmine’s body made her incapable of using her powers for three months. However, if a small portion of her power was lent to Yun Che without her personally releasing it , the rebound effects would definitely be decreased by quite a lot. However…

“Profound Floating Technique? Don’t you know that in order to use the Profound Floating Technique, your strength needs to at least be at the Sky Profound Realm! With your current body, how can it be possible for you to withstand this Sky Profound ability! If it goes wrong, within a few moments of activation, your profound veins would immediately rupture!”

“Don’t forget, my current profound veins are the Evil God’s Profound Veins! I believe that they won’t be destroyed so easily! Also, I don’t need to use it for long; just the few seconds right before we hit the ground is enough!!”

Beside his ear, the sound of the wind was becoming more and more acute. The sight of the scenery beneath them also rapidly enlarged at a quicker rate. Lan Xueruo’s eyes were tightly closed as her arms subconsciously tightened while holding onto Yun Che. This was not only for his protection, but more out of subconscious fear.

His consciousness slackened but Yun Che firmly kept his eyes wide open as he focused on the view beneath him. The assaulting wind pressure under his feet distinctively changed, which meant that he was already very close to the surface of the earth. Within a few breaths, they would fiercely smash into the ground.

“Jasmine!!!”

Following the shout he had yelled in his mind, an incomparably large power started to wildly fill into his profound veins…. It was an enormous power which made him feel that he could control space, and even a force powerful enough to instantly burst his profound veins.

Yun Che opened his eyes wide and his eyes instantly sharpened. He started to release this profound power without reservation; a portion was sent against the air stream below, and the other portion was made to protect the area around his body. Suddenly, as though they were caught by something, the speed of his and Lan Xueruo’s fall greatly decreased. It became more and more slow, more and more slow…. But for these short breaths of time, even for the power of the Sky Profound Realm, it was fundamentally impossible for it to completely negate such an excessive falling force. The moment right before smashing to the ground, their falling speed was still quite fast…. Yun Che grasped the Lan Xueruo’s arm without hesitation and forcibly pushed her tender body upwards.

Lan Xueruo immediately opened her eyes and saw the slight smile that lingered at the corner of Yun Che’s lips. However, that smile gradually faded into the distance before her eyes…. At that moment, she felt as if her heart was severely impacted by something that was warm yet bitter. She opened her lips, but it was already too late to make a sound.

Bang!!!

Yun Che’s body finally reached the ground. After heavily smashing upon it, hard ground immediately cracked into many pieces. He didn’t even have time to feel the pain before his consciousness instantly went dark.

“Junior Brother Yun!!”

Only after an entire four breaths from Yun Che’s fall did Lan Xueruo finally reach the ground. When he pushed Lan Xueruo, the force was very soft but unexpectedly long. It was like a gentle yet irresistible surge of wind which gradually slowed her descent; gentle to such an extent that around ten meters off the ground, she had actually suspended in air. When she fell, it was like falling off from a height of ten meters.

At that height, it was fundamentally impossible for her to suffer any damage. Lan Xueruo landed very smoothly on her feet and then rushed towards Yun Che as if she had become insane. After seeing the terrifying giant crater beneath him and the fissures on the ground that extended over ten meters away, her tears frantically spilled out.

“Junior Brother Yun! Junior Brother Yun…. Junior Brother Yun!!”

Lan Xueruo knelt next to Yun Che’s body and mournfully called out to him. She, who had not shed a single tear for over ten years, was now thoroughly weeping. Her tears flowed like the surging of a flood and quickly covered her entire face. Although she forcibly covered her lips, she was still incapable of stifling the sounds of her weeping no matter what.

She had told Qin Wuyou before, that Yun Che would be someone that viewed honor and friendship with great importance. If he was helped during difficult times, he would definitely return the favor. At least, he would not refuse her request when that time arrives. In front of the Xiao Sect’s Outer Sect, she indeed saved him using her contracted spirit beast to flee from Xiao Zaihe’s pursuit. However, she never guessed that he would returned the favor in such a passionate and decisive way; that he would desperately protect her using his body and life two consecutive times.

In this world, there were many people who were good to her, and also many more who desperately strove to please her. But from her youth until adulthood, she had seen enough callousness, seen enough insincerity and heartlessness, seen enough blades within honeyed words and sinister ambition…. Among them even included her closest family members. She was discouraged time after time; a few times, almost to the point of despair. Otherwise, she would not have left home to move through seven Profound Palaces within two years, all in order to find the slightest trace of hope.

Her warm and gentle treatment of others was due to her nature. But she, who had suffered through too much apathy and trauma, had never opened her heart to anyone. Every time she spoke and laughed with people, the inside of her heart was actually thousands of miles away.

She would never have guessed that in this world, there would be a person who, in her most dangerous hour, was willing to lay down his life to guard her front. At least, her family would not do so, and neither would those who flattered and attempted to please her….

But Yun Che, this little junior who she attempted to seek out, made the depths of her heart flutter, made her tears fall like rain. He also made her understand for the first time in her life, that in this world, there really existed a person who would be willing to protect her using his life…. And on top of that, twice.

However, she perhaps understood that a bit too late; because in the exact moment she understood that, this person could very likely never wake up again. Such a terrible fall was absolutely impossible for someone that only had the profound strength of Nascent Profound Realm to endure. The only outcome, was death.

Lan Xueruo’s heart was wracked with a terrible pain and her tears completely blurred her vision. In her distress, she didn’t notice that although Yun Che’s impact smashed such a huge crater and so many cracks on the ground, there was actually no sign of any accumulated blood under his body.

In the midst of her crying, she suddenly felt a warm touch within her palm. In that instant, as if she had been shocked by electricity, her entire body quivered as she suddenly widened her beautiful eyes. Through her still blurred vision, she saw Yun Che slowly open his eyes. Because she had cried too miserably, her face was completely spent from crying but he gazed at her and gently smiled. His hands were precisely resting in her palm, which told her that he was not dead.

“Junior Brother Yun….” Lan Xueruo suddenly had a feeling as if she suddenly left hell and entered heaven. Under such a great surprise, even her voice became erratically obscure: “You… You’re okay?”

“Originally…. I did die.” Yun Che slightly moved his lips and spoke with a hoarse and weak voice. But that slight smile at the corner of his lips did not lack any of its usual flair: “But Yama told me that there was a beautiful and kind girl who was crying so miserably because of my death that even he could not bear to watch any longer, so he …. sent me back….”

At the cross of sadness and surprise, Lan Xueruo didn’t know whether she should cry or smile. Somewhat embarrassed, she wiped the tears on her face and tried very hard to make an reproachful expression. However, this reproachful expression was like a pear blossom after the rain and was indescribably poignant and moving: “You’re already in this state, yet… yet you still don’t forget to be shamelessly loquacious. In the future, who knows how many girls this mouth of yours would harm.”

“Hehe….” Yun Che laughed. Just as he let out a laugh, his wounds were affected and the pain caused his eyebrows to spasm: “Then, is it possible…. to harm to Senior Sister….”

From the first day they met till now, Lan Xueruo and Yun Che did not hold many conversations between them. In addition, a large portion of their conversation consisted of slightly teasing jokes. She was already accustomed to hearing such words from his mouth and she would think that they were either funny or interesting. But this time, she suddenly felt an unexplainable and inexplicable throbbing that came from somewhere within the depths of her heart. She moved her lips and was just about to speak, but discovered that Yun Che had already closed his eyes and lost consciousness.





