The Dungeon Seeker





Volume 3





Author: Sakamoto 666

Illustrator: Gia





Translate: Paichun Translations





Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

The Dungeon Seeker

Prologue - Faraway Memories

Chapter 1 - To Outside

Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 1)

Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 2)

Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 3)

Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 4)

Chapter 3 - Underground Guild (Part 1)

Chapter 3 - Underground Guild (Part 2)

Chapter 3 - Underground Guild (Part 3)

Chapter 4 - Great Noble’s Elf Hunt (Part 1)

Chapter 4 - Great Noble’s Elf Hunt (Part 2)

Chapter 4 - Great Noble’s Elf Hunt (Part 3)

Chapter 5 - The Beginning Of The Revenge (Part 1)

Chapter 5 - The Beginning Of The Revenge (Part 2)

Chapter 5 - The Beginning Of The Revenge (Part 3)

Chapter 6 - The Forest Of Ancient Trees Dyed With Blood (Part 1)

Chapter 6 - The Forest Of Ancient Trees Dyed With Blood (Part 2)

Chapter 7 - B-Rank Adventurers Selection Exam (Part 1)

Chapter 7 - B-Rank Adventurers Selection Exam (Part 2)

Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 1)

Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 2)

Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 3)

Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 4)





Prologue - Faraway Memories


It probably feels like this inside the womb.

Dark, red, and muddy sight.

Lukewarm, and wet feeling.

As if an ejaculation continuing eternally, good feeling that is hard to describe and sense of unease.

Within that strange feeling, memories from faraway, thoughts of a certain girl when she was still small.

ーーSakaguchi Nazuna

That girl was terribly skinny, and something that couldn’t be used as a battle personnel at all.

Transported to a world that was not good at all, the reason why I, who should not have any time for caring about strangers, picked her up, it might have been because of a whim.

“No, that’s wrong”, I shook my head sidewards.

ーーthat girl, the world had given up on her just like me. That is why I picked her up.

*Pikon*, I knew that a sound effect rung on the corner of my head. It looks like the thesaurus points became zero.

“I see now”, I remembered everything, I understood the current situation that couldn’t be saved.

How I was going to reach the end of the labyrinth, it was promised by the curse that she put on me.

Compared to the ability to steal skills, far more awful than that……”what the heck is that cheat skill”, I smiled deprecatingly.

ーーin short, on that day, at that time, a curse was put on the girl. And, that girlーーSakaguchi Nazunaーーstopped being a human, and became a dungeon seeker that endlessly wanders in the labyrinth.

Gripping my fist, I closed my eyes.

The remaining path is a spiral of killing each other.

And ahead of that, I, or she, it would be either of us breaking through the labyrinth.

No, in the first place. The one who put on a curse on her is meーーit is Takeda Junpei.

ーーThat’s right. That is why.

Even if my head was cut by herーーSakaguchi Nazuna, I need to continue going down towards the deepest parts.

“Fuu”, I took a light sigh there.

It started to become very noisy outside. And together with that, I knew that my ability to think and memories was being lost very quickly.

ーーit looks like it’s time to wake up.





Chapter 1 - To Outside


Junpei was standing there with a blank expression.

That place, is a space that was filled with white.

「A-re……? This is……? Why……am I……here?」

It was white wherever her looked, and he couldn’t figure out where was the floor and where were the walls.

Only the ground infinitely continues; there might be no walls. Or maybe, there might be a wall that is very near; it might unexpectedly be a very narrow space.

Or it might be that he is on top of a sphere just like the Earth, and Junpei was standing on top of that.

It was a weird space where the sense of distance is vague, but for Junpei, it was a familiar……or it might not be that much, but it is a space that can be said had an impression from him.

After all, that is the place where his classmate Kido Shouta’s head burst out, and the place where he was told about the great sage that lurks in the deepest floors.

*PachiPachiPachi*, dry claps echoes through the white space.

When Junpei turned towards there, there was the appearance of a beautiful androgynous boy.

In other wordsーーour insane God.

Carefree just like a sunflower, with that infinitely innocent smile, the God says while clapping.

「Congratulations. As I promised before, you have cleared the five floors from when I met you before, and, you gained the rights to go out」

「……ahh, come to think of it, you were……saying that……huh」

Junpei answered like that, with a blank, lifeless expression.

「Oya, oya? What happened? It is your chance to go out, but……did you catch a cold or something? You seem unwell?」

「……uhh……how can I say this……a very strong discomfort……no, in the first place……I……after that torture man……how……did……I……come……gu!……」

Junpei crouches there, and held his temples.

「What happened? Ne〜?」

Not answering to the God’s words, Junpei only endured the fierce pain that attacks him without saying anything.

「……gu……u……u……」

While grinning, the God observed Junpei’s agonizing appearance very curiously.

ーー*Guwan*, *Guwan*, his head shook. His vision turns around.

As if he had a terrible motion sickness, something sour comes up from his stomach.

「……gu……ge……ge……geeeeーーーー」

Within the pure white space, a yellowish gel-like thing was scattered.

Junpei breathed with his shoulders. He finally calmed down after vomiting.

At the same time, his headache gradually disappeared.

「Are you alright?」

Making a full smile, *Pachin*, the God snapped his finger.

And then, the God was already holding a glass cup in his left hand.

「Now, drink it」

Junpei thought for a while with a blank expression, and finally took the cup.

「……thanks」

He drank it all at once, and let out a deep sigh.

「What happened really? You seem to be quite suffering. Also, somehow……you seem like you’re absent-minded, it feels like your spirit isn’t there」

「……」

In Junpei’s vision, a noise ran.

A static white noise just like in old television dominates the surroundings, and on top of that, *Picon*, an electronic sound effect echoes in his head.

ーーError. Error. Memories are chaーーtoーーthe owner’s &e4p * esakiーーvalidーーated. The thesaurus points are decreased by 5, memory circuit will be reorganized.

And then, the pain in his head disappeared as if it was an illusion, and his thoughts became clear.

Junpei who regained life in his eyes, immediately glared at the God.

「……really. Since I met you, a Medusa, a Satori, an insane bastard……and on top of that, a torture man. This labyrinth is really rottenly crazy」

「Come to think of it, earlier, didn’t you mention the torture man? Like, how you were able to reach this place after that or something」

To the God who asked with sparkling eyes, Junpei answers while shrugging his shoulders.

「How was I able to reach this place? What are you talking about? I defeated the torture man with that absurd ability. After that, I opened the door towards the next floor. After that, I arrived here. Isn’t that all」

「Kuhaha!……Kuha!………Kuhahahah!!!!」

The God crouched in his place, and started laughing while hugging his stomach.

「Ihi!……Ahyu……my stomach……my stomach……it hurts……」

And laughing just like that, tens of seconds.

In the end, it started to tremble and convulse, as if he had difficulties with breathing.

「Hi!……hi!……fuu〜, hi!……hi!……fuu〜」

It is unknown and doubtful if there was a meaning of that, but it seems like the God was trying to get calm using Lamaze Method.

Finally regaining himself and standing up, he said this while wiping his tears with his little finger.

「Uhh, you’re really interesting you know?」

「……from my perspective, you’re the one who’s pretty much like ‘that’ though?」 (TL: crazy? insane?)

Receiving those words, the God almost laughed out again, but he thought twice, and patted both of Junpei’s shoulders.

「Well, being like ‘that’ is for the both of us……I guess」

And there, once again, *Pachin*, the God snapped his fingers, and nodded exaggeratedly.

「Well, it meansーーyou, you got through the torture man’s floor, and finally gained the qualifications to go out to the outside world」

Within his consciousness that was somewhat absent-minded, Junpei whispered while opening his mouth by half as if it had nothing to do with him.

「……to the outside world, are you really letting me go out?」

「I promised a while ago right? While saying that your status are too distorted」

「Ahh, well, that’s, that’s right though」

「For example, there is going to be a magma pool in the floors ahead. Even how fast you are, you can’t dodge the heated air that fills the whole floor. And with your status, you wouldn’t be able to endure the heat. Meaning, it’s impossible for you to clear it」

“And”, the God continued.

「In the first place, in your case, even before mentioning that your status is too distorted, since your job is in the lowest, the level up bonus itself is too small. Even if you place the bonus stats from now on, you can’t reach the least needed amount. You’d die until that. If that is so, it would be against the rule of『From the time that you have entered the labyrinth’s first floor, it should be possible for anyone to clear it』. I mean, it’s already against it you know」

「I also thought about before, but, why is it bad if it was impossible to clear?」

“Fufun”, the God distorts his lips, points down once, and tilted his head towards Junpei.

「Hey, you? After breaking through the last floor, what do you think is there? Just like me, living for so long that living would be equivalent to pain, and only able to ask for deathーーthe Great Sage that I talked about before, why do you think he is aiming for that?」

「The Great Sage……unlike you, he had escaped the unlimited life of hell, and was possible to die right?」

「Yeah. But, right now, as the group leader of the ones aiming to break through the labyrinth, he had even extended his life……and was desperate to gain that ‘thing’ that is at the end of the labyrinth」

Thinking for a while, Junpei shook his head sidewards.

「……I don’t know. No, in the first place……that doesn’t matter」

「Oya, oya, you’re already a participant of the ‘festival’ you know? On top of that, with that special cheat skill, you’re competing with as a seeded one you know?」

「……festival?」

「Kodoku(蠱毒), or maybe a lonely(孤独Kodoku) race? Well, anything’s good……this is something you can be proud of you know」

Junpei made ambiguous eyes towards the God, and whispered as if to give up.

「As usual, you’re not planning on answering my questions right?」

“Un”, he nodded, and the God laughed.

「That’s right」

「You……shouldn’t you die at least once?」

Waving his hands, the God smiled lightly seeming as if he didn’t care.

「And, with that, you’re going to the outside world starting now……un, there’s already no time left」

While looking down at the wristwatch that shouldn’t have existed a moment ago, the God annoyingly whispered.

「……time? You who is not even allowed to die within the flow of unlimited time, you whose mind had even changed……you who are a super-class free timer……worries about time?」

“Ahh”, the God nodded and said.

「It’s true, that I have a lot of free time. So much that, really, I couldn’t handle it. So much that I would play around the fate of you humans, and create a show for just myself……it’s true that I have a lot of free time. However? Within this labyrinth, even I……no, it is because it is I, towards you who are participating in the festival, I am not able to intervene excessively」

「It is because it’s you……that you can’t intervene?」

And there, *Pishari*, the God clapped his hands, and started to talk very quickly.

「I’ll make this short. Your goal for the meantime, there are two. First is, register on the Adventurer’s Guild, and become an adventurer who is above A-Rank. Doing that, you will be able to have an advanced job. Meaning, your level-up bonus is not 5 like up until now, but becomes 15. The level up that you have up until now is also recalculated, and you will gain strength that cannot be compared with what you have right now. However, the limit is half of a yearーーif that passes, in whatever situation you are in, you will be returned to the labyrinth」

「And……the other goal is?」

The God mischievously laughed, and licked his lips.

「The ones who had teleported with you from Japan……they’re outside right?」

「That is, well……they probably are」

The God nodded in satisfaction with Junpei’s words.

「You want to……get revenge right?」

The instant the God asked that, on the back of Junpei’s mind, the numerous things that happened in the labyrinth flows like a kaleidoscope.

ーーCerberus, cannibals, homunculus, torture man……really……they were really no goods.

And so, Junpei nodded strongly, and answered the God’s question.

「Of course. To do that, I spat out blood, slurped mud, ate shit……I used anything, and was able to live up until now」

The God approached Junpei without noticing, placed a hand on Junpei’s shoulders, and nodded a lot of times as if he was happy from the bottom of his heart.

「Un, un, that’s right. Well, whoever it is……if they were forced down just like that, they would want revenge right? AndーーI want to see that. Also, it’s not only the thing that I want to see, but it would also connect to your strengthening」

「……my strengthening?」

「Thesaurus points………there would be huge effects on the hidden parameters. Because of the revenge……a very interesting thing would happen you know?」

「Interesting thing……?」

「Because of finishing your revenge, there would be a change within your mind; the seal of the thesaurus points would be broken」

「……se……al……?」

With a wink, the God smiled bewitchingly.

「That’s right. The seal ‘she’ put onto you」

At the same time he said that, the God held both of Junpei’s cheeks, and opened his mouthーーhe licked the tip of Junpei’s nose.

The feeling of a wet tongue. And with that moist breath, a sweet and sour fragrance were mixed.

To the too sudden happening, Junpei was petrified for an instant.

ーーif I’m correct, before, it was a kiss on my cheeks right……is this shota God really a boy……or is ‘he’ a girl.

And, thinking up to that, Junpei’s body finally reacted.

「Hey, you……!!」

He pushes out his hands, and removes the God off of him.

The God also, he took a backstep himself and took distance from Junpei.

And, with a grinning expression, he observed Junpei from top to bottom as if to play with him.

「Really, you’re very cute」

“And, with that……”, the God continued.

「Take care!」

ーーwhen he noticed it, the white space changed into a cave’s rock wall.

It’s a space that was about three meters wide. Junpei could see a golden colored door right in front of him.

Light moss that faintly shines. Inside the dim cave, there was no longer the appearance of the God.

*Gokuri*, Junpei swallowed his breath.

As he could guess from what they talked about earlier, the outside world that he had yearned for should have spread across this door.

“But……”, Junpei thought.

Just a while ago, he received the betrayal of his childhood friend Noriko, and was forced down to this cave.

And, the personality of that insane God……across this door, is not the outside world, but a labyrinth that is far more difficultーーit might be literally connected to hell; he couldn’t leave out that possibility.

His true goal from the continuous act. Himself who was filled with hope, thrown into the bottom of the valley……he thought that that might be the true aim of the shota God.

「Well, either way……I’d never know what might happen……」

Junpei placed his hand on the doorknob, held it, turned, and pushed open.

The first thing he felt, was cold air.

He immediately figured out that that fresh air.

It is very different, from the air of the labyrinth that is heavy, damp, and stagnate.

Junpei took a deep breath.

The smell of thick greens. The scene that spread before him, it was bluish being lit by the moon.

Forest that spread around, and a lake.

While making a dumbfounded, absent-minded expression, Junpei spoke to himself.

「Oi……it is really……」

One step, he stepped on the ground that was covered by grass.

「……it is really damn outside world」

*Sponsored by Shin Amazake-sama





Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 1)


The owl’s cries, it echoes through the trees.

A full moon in the sky. Within the cool air surrounding, Junpei did not falter to the darkness of the forest, he sew through the trees as if it was afternoon, moving ahead with fast feet while going through the bushes.

Suddenlyーーhe turned around to the mountain terrain that connects to the Interstice Labyrinth that is already far behind.

It might be good to make a fire where he is right now and stay for the night, but he did not stop his feet.

The condition that he would be forcefully taken back there after half a year.

That only means, that he has only half a year to freely spend outside, but from the physiological ill feeling and fear, he did not have a leeway at all.

ーーthere wasn’t an easy fight at all.

The fierce battles up until now went through his mind.

He was always at the bottom of the food pyramid inside the labyrinth.

He looked back to his miserable self, and was pushed by the feeling of wanting to get away from that labyrinth as soon as possible.

That is why, he did not take any breaks, and moved forward through the animal trails while swinging the hatched that is full of red rust that he took from the cannibal’s village.

And on top of that, Junpei started to organize the current situation in his head.

ーーin the item box, there is food and water……this is okay. It should be possible to easily travel for months.

“If, that is so……”, he told himself.

「If I literally move forward like this, I should be able to reach a river sometime. And if I tread towards downriver from there……the possibility that it connects to human civilization is high」

At worst, even if he did not meet with any human civilization and reach the sea through this river, if he treads the beaches, he should be able to reach fishing villages or ports. Unless this is an uninhabited island.

The possibility of not meeting anybody within the limit of half a year came to his mind, but he immediately shook his head sidewards.

Even if he continues to think endlessly about things that he has no control to……there would be no improvement to the situation.

「That’s right, the important thing is……move forward whatever happens. And to take steps」

And furthermore, he continued to check his current situation.

Next is the equipments he has.

· Magic Beast’s Canine (Mythological class)

· S&W M57 Forty-one caliber Magnum (National Treasure Class)

· Sword Saint’s Light Armor (Rare : Rank S)

Aegis Shield (Legendary Class)

Cloak of Evasion (Rare : Rank A)



· Tenma no Tabi (National Treasure Class)

Normally, the difficulty of gaining rare items are classified from S - E.

However, in Junpei’s case, most of his equipments has a higher rank that rarity rate S, Mythological class, Legendary class, and National Treasure class.

Explaining it roughly, including S-Rank adventurers, the possible realistic chance that an individual can get an item is only up to rare rank S.

There might be a possibility for someone who is strong enough or lucky enough to get a National Treasure classed item, but it is literally an item that is on the level that it is a treasure of a country, and since it would be treated as a strategic weapon if it was an equipment, their overall number itself is small.

And the Legendary class or Mythological class that is above that, it is already something that only appears in fairy tales.

Orihalcons and Excalibur are treated as a fantastical item in games in modern Japan, but it is not that different in this world. It is something that its existence itself is doubtful.

Including each one of Junpei’s equipments.

They are equipments that would make a supervisor of a treasury in a palace immediately lose their minds.

「As I’ve thought……it’s flashy right? Well, that’s the reason why I took that skill though」

Next, Junpei confirmed the skills that he owns.

Appraisal Eyes (Super-Class)

All Status Ailments Resistance

Butcher (Super-Class)

Monster Tame (Beginner Class)

Mimicry (Super-Class)



「……un」

He nodded like that, and when Junpei closed his eyes, his body lit white for an instant.

He stopped at a stand, and took out a mirror from his item box.

「……un!」

He nodded once again, and Junpei started to walk at a fast pace again.

His appearance right now, is a blue-eyed golden-haired boy in the middle of his teens.

Wearing a tattered cloak, wearing used old equipments, he really looked like it……like a poor apprentice adventurer young man.

「……when I encountered Kido, Noriko, and the rest……it would be hard to get revenge if they instantly knew it was me after all……」

And, at the same time as he whispered that, he’s finally out of the animal trail that is covered by brushes.

「……」

He came out to a huge tree.

Strong wind blows, *GasaGasa*, the sound of the leaves and branches rubbing. Several wild birds fluttered their wings to the sky.

Ahead where Junpei’s sight is, was a forked road to the left and the right.

「Should I move to the left, or to the right……I wonder, what would come out」

Junpei took a deep breath once, and let it out.

He sharpened his senses. He used his ears to listen to the every information in the surroundings, and felt them with his skin.

And when it started to even reach the level of a sixth sense, a far away scenery that he should not be able to see appeared in his mind, and voices and smell that he should not have felt reached his ears and nose.

ーー4300 evasion efficiency.

That status that is aberrant is not for show.

It is a status that already had exceeded the limits of a race called human.

And as the result of forcefully teaching that to his body, Junpei gained an ability that is similar to a skill.

More specifically, predicting the future several seconds ahead during combat, and an ability that is similar to clairvoyance.

And most of all, right now, it is now possible or him to grasp rough terrain in a radius of a few hundred meters and activity of living things if he focused his senses.

ーーit’s pretty much like an esper.

Junpei smiled deprecatingly, and chose the left path.

ーーcome to think of it, there was an ability of grasping all and everything within a certain distance in the manga that I like…… Well, although I did it myself……the result of leveling up in a crazy pace……I think that it is already so ridiculous……

“Level up……”, and there, he remembered the group of S-Rank adventures that he met inside the labyrinth, and simulated in his mind what would happen if they were to fight right now.

His level has increased from that time, and his equipments are also substantially better.

Even without relying on his poison, he would probably overwhelm them head-on.

“If that is so……”, Junpei continued to think.

What if it’s against the highest level even within the S-Rank class.

ーーSword Saint Henry who was an ex-member of a brave party that I met in the Kraken’s floor……even if that Ossan was in his peak level……if it’s one on one, I would probably win. However, if you told me it’s against the brave party as a whole, I probably can’t win head on.

“However……”, the corner of Junpei’s lips raised.

ーーIf I use poison……even if it’s against a brave party who had defeated a demon king, even if I fight head on, and without doing tricks, I would probably win.

ーーthat only means, my power, in this world, it is……

And the trees that were aligned on the sides paused, and the view opened.

An open space that is probably 30 meters in radius. Erected as if to surround the bon fire in the middle, five huts are standing.

He had grasped the situation using the clairvoyance-like ability that was mentioned earlier, and as expected. While looking at the structures that are doubtful if you can call it as a settlement, Junpei told himself with a sigh.

「It is the suitable opponents to test my strength right now. Travel expenses, I mean, living expenses for the time being……I can also rob them the information about towns」

Ahead of Junpei who slowly walked, that rows of structure isーーa thieves’ hideout.

*Sponsored by Shin Amazake-sama





Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 2)


▼▼▼

Inside the small shack, there filled a suffocating stinky smell.

The smell of mixed sweat, dirt, semen, and cum, that has fermented.

Under the light of the candle, two women were facing each other.

A red-haired girl who is wearing patched rugged clothes that seem to be in her twenties.

The one seating in front of her is a golden-haired young girl who is also wearing tattered clothes and has a hollow expression.

The red-haired girl loosened her freckle filled face, and smiled towards the golden-haired girl.

「Oh god……you’re also an unlucky one huh. Getting caught to be sold as a sex slave……to think that you’d get caught by a band of thieves with B-Rank bounty who are in that kind of business」

The on with a hollow expressionーーthe girl whose age is about late teens, answered like this while slightly loosening her cheeks.

「But, I feel blessed that I was able to meet Lemilia-san」

「Haha! Meeting me you say? Why is that?」

After thinking for a moment, the young girl straightly looked at Lemilia.

「Because……you’re kind, I guess. In this hell……you’re the only one who’s kind, and the you’re the only one, who has not given up, maintain positive thinking」

“Hmph”, Lemilia chortled at the girl.

「You’re thinking of me too much, I mean……I’m just a trainer of slaves that are, before being sold you know? Well, I’ll be serious to look after you then……」

“No”, the young girl shook her head to Lemilia’s words.

「From what I heard before……originally……Lemilia-san was also a slave right?」

「Yeah, just like you, from a deserted village……I was caught by them, and……」

「But, there’s the difference between heaven and earth from how they treat you compared to me」

「Well, that is……right?」

「Even if you are not able to run away from this place……even so, you are somewhat free, and at times, even money…… From a slave……you climbed up from there, and……I really think, that you’re amazing」

Lemilia who’s had eyes that looked faraway let out a very, very deep sigh.

「I didn’t climb up or something, it’s just that my treatment has gone better. Well, it was a difficult path to come up to where I am now from the lowest class of slaves. Every night, every night, I did it with the trained thieves……and I did well, charming their Head and became his lover. Before I became his lover, well yeah, I desperately served you know. To make him like me a little more, to make my status a little better, I thought」

「……」

Soft and kindly, Lemilia embraced the young girl’s shoulders.

「This place is hell, and in our whole life, absolutely……we cannot escape」

「……」

「But you know? Accepting that, using your head and do the efforts to advance to a better place in hell……it is something like you’ll be able to have a moderate living」

The young girl who had started to have tears in her eyes, let out a faint voice.

「In my whole life, will I really be……in hell?」

Lemilia gently embraced the young girl.

「Don’t worry, if you just listen to what they say, they won’t do something harsh…… And also, this place is only like hell, but it isn’t a hell that it’s 100% impossible to escape. From now on, if you serve them while using your head……fortune should come someday」

After saying that, Lemilia stood up, and prompted the young girl to stand up.

She then pulled the young girl’s hand, and walked towards the door connecting to outside of the shack.

「Again……in the open space where everyone’s eating……near the bonfire, for the whole night……doing it with everyone……?」

After the door had opened, Lemilia turned around and said.

「It’s something like a rite of passage. And when you’re actually sold, depending on your master, your treatment might be worse. Right now……you should study about it generally. It might be bitter for now, though……right, well, it would be better if you’d give up some things while it’s still early」

And while Lemilia was still speaking, the golden-haired young girl saw something in the wide open space, and had her eyes widening out.

The innocent expression of the young girl, rapidly turned blue.

Just like that, her knees gave away, and fell to the ground.

Behind Lemilia, the girl’s sight was into the bonfire in the wide open spaceーーmore specifically, to the stake……no, the spear that erects beside it.

「……Lemilia-san? What is……? What is that……?」

To the abnormal state of the young girl, Lemilia turned around.

After she had lost her words for a while, she called out to a bearded man nearby the shack.

「Hey, you guys, what the heck is going on here……? What the hell is that……?」

The man made a leering smile, and licked the blood stained knife he had in his hand.

「Ohh, Lemilia. What, it’s nothing. That slave……it bit off brother’s “that”, so……it’s what you call sanction」

Even while hearing the man’s words, the golden-haired young girl, she was not able to look away from the “object” that is near the bonfire.

It was pierced from its anus, and the spearhead was coming out from its mouth.

It might be better described as a complete human grilled with a skewer.

*JyoroJyoro*, a puddle spread under the legs of the young girl.

「Lemilia-san……this place……is truly……without a doubt……hell……」

And there, Lemilia embraced the young girl’s shoulders.

「……what is it……what, can I say……I, what are the words I can say to you……I, I do not know」

Tears fell down from Lemilia’s eyes, and fell down to the young girl’s cheeks.

And, at that timeーー

ーー*KanKanKan!!*

A high-pitched metallic sounds echoed through the surroundings.

Everyone in that place, looked at its direction at once.

The source of the sound, was a young boy who seemed to be in his middle teens that is wearing a tattered black cloak.

In his right hand, a rusty frying pan that was taken from a cannibal village.

In his left hand, this was again, a frying pan that was taken from a cannibal village.

ーー*KanKanKanKan*

Junpei rang the frying pans in both of his hands as much as he can.

And when he saw that everyone has finally focused on him, he nodded in satisfaction.

「Yosh, it’s trash scums as expected huh. And with that……excuse me if you’re busy, but, the 14 of you with the girls excluded, I’m sorry butーー」

He paused, then continued.

「ーーI am going to kill all of you right now」

【Common Thief】

Level ▼▼ 25

HP ▼▼ 150

MP ▼▼ 0

Attack Power ▼▼ 60 (+15)

Defense Power ▼▼ 40

Evasion Efficiency ▼▼ 15

【Underling Thief】

Level ▼▼ 10

HP ▼▼ 75

MP ▼▼ 0

Attack Power ▼▼ 40 (+10)

Defense Power ▼▼ 25

Evasion Efficiency ▼▼ 10

【Criteria of the Strength of Adventurers】

S-Ranked Adventurer (Job : Advanced) Level 200 Equal to Junpei’s Level 600

A-Ranked Adventurer (Job : Advanced) Level 100 Equal to Junpei’s Level 300

B-Ranked Adventurer (Job : Intermediate) Level 50 Equal to Junpei’s Level 100

C-Ranked Adventurer (Job : Intermediate) Level 25 Equal to Junpei’s Level 50

D-Ranked Adventurer (Job : Jobless) Level Level 10 Equal to Junpei’s Level 10

E-Ranked Adventurer (Job : Jobless) Level Level 1 Equal to Junpei’s Level 1

▼▼▼

「Haa? What the fuck are you talking about?」

The man who’s nearest Junpei, the distance is about 10 meters.

The man walked towards Junpei defenselessly. The instant when that man with missing teeth was within hand’s reachーーwithout saying anything, Junpei swung his left hand.

「AGYA?!!」

The frying pan that was shot off with brute strength, *Gon!*, hit and broke the man’s nose together with a heavy sound.

When the man was kneeling on the ground due to pain, once again, the dull beating sound of the frying pan.

It’s the sound Junpei who went unnoticeably to the back of the man, accurately throwing a blow from a blunt weapon to the man’s afterbrain.

The man lost his consciousness with that one attack, shook like a marionette which its strings were cut, and fell down to the ground with stretched limbs.

「……the Sword Saint’s Light Armor’s passive effect……attack power +45 is pretty good. I mean, that Ossan was wearing such a good armor huh……well, it’s about a sword saint that participated in a demon king’s subjugation…… If it were like this, I should’ve taken his holy sword back then……」

The thief that lies under his feet, was not moving at all and has foam coming out of his mouth.

「Cerebral contusion. Death if not treated……he’s in a quite a difficult state……huh. Even though there’s the additional arm strength passive effect, with just a frying pan as a weapon, between them and me……our attack powers shouldn’t be that different. This frying pan is a little exaggerated huh」

Junpei threw the frying pan on the ground, and placed a hand on his chin.

「……if so, well, this effect is from accuracy bonus……huh. Thinking that all attacks are treated as a critical hit is most of it, should be for the best……well, whatever. 13 experimental rats remaining」

The men who were looking at that dumbfounded started to stir a commotion.

A sudden surprise attack by only one person. One of them were immediately killed.

The men stood up, and each of them took the hatchet or knives that were near them.

In total, 9 armed thieves approached Junpei, and Junpei also started to walked towards them.

And finally when there were only two meters between them, they faced each other.

One of the menーーa man who has a cross scar on his cheek stepped forward.

「……if my brother was treated that well, I can’t let you go home then hnn?」

「Unfortunately, I’m also not planning to let you go unscathed yo?」

*Shu!*, with a wind cutting sound, the cross-scarred man threw out his knife.

ーーit’s a poisoned throwing knife.

It’s one that has a paralytic drug that has immediate effects that if enters the body for a few seconds, it wouldn’t be able to move.

This is one of the killer moves of the cross-scarred man.

In short, he would talk to the opponent, and make a sneak attack in an opening at the end of the conversation, it is simple and that is also why it has great effects.

「Wha……?!!」

The killer move has completely gone well……the man thought, however, he was surprised.

“I had guesses that it might be dodged……” while thinking of that, the man collapsed to the ground.

The moment before the man collapsedーーit is just that Junpei caught the knife with his pointing finger and middle finger and just threw it back to him.

In the middle of the eyebrows of the cross-scarred man, the knife Junpei threw was stabbed.

「……surround him, we’re going to go at once……this guy’s not a simple one」

The white-haired man that seemed to be the oldest within the band whispered that.

And soon after, the white-haired man called out towards the three people who were still sitting near the bonfire.

「Chiefー!! There’s the possibility that we’re not able to deal with this guy!!」

Receiving those words, the three stood up.

To the white-haired man who was letting out a pathetic voice, the small fatty skinhead beside him said in surprise.

「So exaggerated…… Chief is an ex-adventurer, and B-Rank……the close adviser elder brothers are also C-Rank yo. And because of that, we’re treated as a B-Ranked Bounty group……」

The white-haired man shook his head.

「Listen, we’re going to go at once? Even though it’s an underlying combatant, there are already two killed. Don’t leave your guard down……」

The white-haired man looked towards Junpei once again.

「However, brother, how courageous of you to come by yourself?」

To the man’s question, Junpei shrugged his shoulders.

「Courageous, you mean?」

「We’re B-Rank Bounty thieves yo? Don’t tell me you attacked without even knowing that?」

“Hmph”, he snorted, and Junpei walked forwardーーor how it looked.

「This is B-Rank……huh」

Junpei who they saw as if he started to walkーーno, Junpei should’ve taken a step forward, butーーas a result, he didn’t move from his place at all.

The white-haired man made a dumbfounded expression, but he noticed the “thing” Junpei was holding in his hand, and finally understood what happened. The man’s expression rapidly dyed to bluish white.

「My knife……why are you holding that?」

The man can’t be blamed to be surprised.

After all, the knife that he should’ve been gripping just earlier was now on Junpei’s hand.

「n? I stole it you know」

“Hmph”, he snorted, and Junpei moved forward defenselessly once againーーor how it looked.

A gust blows through.

When they have noticed it, the hatches and knives everyone had there was now stabbed into the ground near Junpei were standing.

「A-re?」

「Eh……?!」

「What the……what the hell did you do……?」

Everyone stared at their hands as if a fox played tricks on them, returned their looks to the knives and hatches below Junpei once again, and had their expression dyed with surprise together.

「Bastard……what did you?」

「Didn’t I told you I stole it you fucker?」

Junpei crouched, and took one of the knives that were stabbed to the ground.

「……」

Without saying anything, he picked that up, then threw it.

「AGYA?!」

In the white-haired man’s chestーーin his heart, the knife stabbed, then there was a sound of a person collapsing.

And furthermore, Junpei picked up a knife without saying anything, then threw it again.

「GII?!」

This time, it accurately gouged the carotid on the right side of the neck of a red-haired man.

Furthermore, he picked up a hatched without saying anything, then threw.

「Hii!!」

The right hand of a man with a long black hair flew in the darkness from his wrist, and blood spurted out as if it was a fountain.

「Wha!!」

One next to the other, Junpei’s throw gave the men lethal wounds.

「AGYA!!」

「ttaーーーーーーーーーー」

*Dosari*, *Dosari*, *Dosari*, the men fell down with a fine rhythm.

And when he finally finished throwing all their weapons, Junpei opened his mouth with a cool face.

「……eight shots, eight hitsーーeight kills where all of them are critical hits. Un, even a major leaguer would run away with a blue face」

*KokiKoki*, he made cracking sounds from his neck, and then, Junpei raised the corner of his lips to a grin.

At that timeーー

「You bastard!!」

With those words, the slim man that had a broad sword in his back charged.

「Ahh, it’s you huh……」

Swiftly, they exchanged places, dodging the slash coming from above.

「You faded out from the middle, so I thought you ran away, but……you went behind me huh. Well……good job on your useless effort」

And continuing, the man slashed horizontally using his broadsword.

And against that, Junpei jumped into the air.

「ーーthat’s too slow?」

In the next instant, on the top of the sword that was slashed horizontallyーーJunpei was standing.

Unable to carry Junpei’s weight, the man dropped his sword after that, but, in realityーーJunpei had stood on top of that sword.

「M-M-M……Monster!!」

About how insane that act was, it was very clear from the words let out of the man who held the sword.

And in addition, Junpei grabbed the panicking man’s head.

「Here you go」

Junpei threw a knee kick to the slim man’s nose.

Junpei didn’t let go of his head.

While turning his body, he made the man’s neck spin horizontally.

*Gokyuri*, a lethal destruction sound.

The slim man with a broken neck collapsed there with the white of his eyes showing.

「Only 3 remaining……」

Junpei took out his handgun from his waist, and gave a look to the chief of the thieves that remains in the wide open space.

Expressionlessly he pointed the handgun ahead to the right, towards a place that is quite away from the chief, and immediately pulled the trigger. And following that, this time to the to the left, and once casually shot once again.

*Pan*, *Pan*, with a dry sound, the smell of gunpowder rose to the surrounding, and in the next instantーーfrom very far away, the sounds *Dosari*, *Dosari*, was heard.

「……Chief-san, I took care of the ungrateful bastards running away from the enemy for you? Come to think of it, weren’t they elder brothers that were C-Rank?」

“Yareyare”, Junpei said that while shrugging his shoulders.

Without listening for his words to finish, the chief of the thieves kicked open the door of the shack nearby as if to run away, and entered inside.

「I mean……if you say C-Rank ex-adventurer, they should be veterans right……they’d die with one bullet huh. Even if the additional from the critical hit is ridiculous, still……」

He stared at the national treasure class 41 caliber magnum intently, and laughed with amazement.

「The outside world……it was only this much huh. No……that labyrinth is just too abnormal……huh」

He whispered that, and Junpei asked towards the chief that ran away to a shack once again.

「And so……are your preparations to fight finished? I want to end it right now though……」

At the same time Junpei’s words ended, the chief of the thievesーーthe huge man came out of the shack.

Holding a huge shield that is a meter vertically and sixty centimeters in front of him, he declared to Junpei with a tone that is sure of victory.

「Iron-clad Shield. This is an estimated rarity D large shield from the ancient civilization……from how you look, you’re a specialized evasion type. A fighting style using tricky movements and fast speed, one that aims for lethal wounds with critical hits」

「He〜……as expected of a B-Rank adventurer, I would say」

「That is why your strength is weak. You will absolutely be……unable to get through this absolute armor that is proudly rarity D. And, I am once a known gladiator in the past. If I focus on defending, your movements……there’s no way that I wouldn’t be able to catch them」

After thinking for a moment, Junpei threw his handgun to the ground.

ーーwell, even if you ready with a large shield or whatever, even if you focus on defending, it’s very easily to stab you from behind……right.

Junpei grinned, and took out his long awaited weaponーーCerberus’s Canine.

And charged towards the chief with no time.

And of course, there was no way for the chief to catch Junpei’s movementsーーor rather, he didn’t even notice that Junpei entered to his attacking action.

「The handle’s around here……huh」

With a with cutting sound, the Cerberus’s Canine was swung.

As if it was cheese, or as if it was paper, the large shield was torn apart, and the flesh of the hand that holds the handle was gouged.

「AaAaa………AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaHHHHHHーーーー!!!」

*Gashan*, the large shield that was split into two fell down to the ground, and the man who was pressing his right hand said.

「Why? The large shield……the absolute armor……?」

Junpei replied with a looking down tone.

「It’s very simple. A mythological class weapon, one that has a god killer attribute on top of that……if it wasn’t able to pierce through an iron chunk……wouldn’t it stain its name?」

“And so……”, Junpei fixed his grip to the Cerberus’s Canine.

「……there’s no mercy for villains………hurry up and die already」

*Sponsored by Shin Amazake-sama





Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 3)


The time is when the sun is about to reach its highest position.

A gentle wind blew through the trees, and the comfortable wind mixed with a subtle chill could be felt.

「I’ll leave food and water on the cart. After that, do what you want」

Junpei said that to the red-haired girl Lemilia and the golden-haired girl.

「And so, I’ll confirm this once again, how long is it to a town from here?」

The golden-haired girl, she answered Junpei very sheepishly.

「If you leave the forest from that direction, it should connect to a road. And from there to the east’s direction, if you advance 12 hours a day……if you’d walk for three days……」

And the last of those words of hers, it was with cracked voice due to being so afraid.

She could not be blamed.

The scene last time, it is very heavy for a countryside girl who was only kidnapped by thieves.

ーーmerciless massacre by an overwhelming strong.

Blood and organs scattered around, and there, there existed pure violence in a sense.

Even if she were told to not be afraid of Junpei, it would be something impossible.

「Ahh, I got it. By the way, the food and water that I put in the cart is for one week. Even how slow you would walk, you wouldn’t die from hunger with that right」

“Besides……”, while saying, Junpei searched from his waist, and took out a vial which was filled inside with a transparent liquid.

「Also, take this too」

The dubious golden-haired girl narrowed her eyebrows.

「Dark red……this is……blood……?」

「It’s something like a charm. For girls traveling, it’s insecure with just the knives taken from the thieves right? If you were attacked by something, and was about to be caught……try to put this on that opponent’s eyes or mouth……at worst, in their skin is also fine……anyways, throw this to them」

Seemingly unable to understand, but still, the girl received the vial while tilting her head.

And, Junpei took out a cloth bag and let out a sigh.

「Even……so……for destroying a thieves’ nest……this is really a disappointing end」

He asked the red haired girl Lemilia and the golden-haired girl to help him search around the houses of the thieves, but……the result was 1 gold coin, 10 silver coins, 20 large copper coins, and other than that, copper changes.

It feels some weight on it, but its value could only be described as a disappointment.

「If I’m correct, 4 silver coins are good for a salary of a newly hired guard soldier right? And then, 10 silver coins is equal to 1 gold coin. 10 large copper coins is 1 silver coin……」

Assuming that the first salary of a fresh graduate in Japan is $2000ーーthe rates are 1 gold coin is $5000, 1 silver coin is $500, and 1 large copper coin is $50.

This serves as the banknotes in Japan, and the copper changes are coins.

ーーit’s only $10000 and a bit huh……annihilating tens of people in a B-Ranked thieves band while being careful to get my identity found out……oh really, isn’t this too shabby……. I only have a limit of a year’s half……things like, money gathering event, I wanted it to finish at once……

The red-haired girl Lemilia observed Junpei who clicked his tongue with a surprised expression.

「You also asked about it earlier right? Checking the value of normal things like currency……you, what in the world……?」

Junpei did not answer that question.

「And so, Lemilia-san? Is this really all the『money』?」

“Un”, she nodded, and Lemilia said.

「We had just bought food and equipments, so……we don’t have much cash during the first quarter of the month」

「They seemed like quite a famous band of thieves, so don’t you have something like accumulated gold or something? If they don’t have cash, it should’ve been made to some kind of asset」

「Unfortunately, the accumulated gold……all of them were changed into jewelry……」

「……jewelry?」

「It’s quite rumored that the chief had buried them somewhere in the forest. Think about it properly……it’s a band of thieves you know? Even if it’s the chief, if he would always take his treasures around him, it would be immediately stolen, and the culprit escapes……well, that’s what going to happen for sure. And……not mentioning myself, I don’t even think that his best subordinates know about that place. The only one who knows the whereabouts of the treasure was the chief」

“I see……”, he whispered.

Junpei took out a few silver coins, large copper coins, and some changes and puts it into his waist.

And all of the remaining money, he gave the money bag to the golden-haired girl.

「Well, anyways, we part our ways here……」

「Eh……? This money……what……?」

Junpei smiled kindly, and patted the girls’ head.

「Just take it. Your whole village was burnt by the band of thieves right? You need something to start with after you reached a town」

「W-Wha……truly, for everything……thank you very much」

「Don’t worry about it, I don’t need thanks. From you, things like the road to the town and the geography around here……I learned a lot from you」

「Is it really okay……? I mean, isn’t this most of the money that the thieves have……? Why……why are you doing so much for me?」

Thinking for a moment, Junpei smiled deprecatingly.

「First, for you who had been thrown in an unreasonable place like this, I feel sympathy for you」

「Sympathy……?」

The girl got silent for a while.

「What is it, why’d you get silent so suddenly?」

「Right now, you are making a very kind expression. Yesterday’s……you who was like a merciless devil yesterday, and you right now……which one is your true form?」

“Haha”, Junpei laughed.

「A devil huh, haha, that’s great. Well, but, I am……it’s just that if it’s against bastards, or when my life is on the balance, I would have no mercy…… Well, until I was able to think of that truly, I really went through bitter experiences」

And, Junpei continued.

「Something like the money I gave you, if it’s compared to the treasures hidden by the thieves, it’s just changes. You should just think of it……as the payment to the information, and hush money」

「……the thieves’ treasures……? Hush money?」

Junpei stopped the golden-haired girl’s words without saying anything, and slowly took a step forward.

And, in an instant, he was already behind the red-haired girl Lemilia, and was holding her shoulder with both of his hands tightly.

ーーinstantaneous movement.

In the fight last night, it was the technique that he showed when he stole the knives from the thieves.

Actually, it’s just moving in a super fast speed, but to be able to see through that, the two girls’ status was too low.

「Hey, Lemilia……no, well, actually……I thought of a lot of possibilities……and the most plausible one is, you are the band of thieves’ female chief right?」

「……eh? What are talking about?」

Junpei strengthened the pressure coming to her shoulders.

Lemilia groaned lightly.

「…………………………why do you think so?」

With the tone of her voice, resignation was mixed in it.

「First, looking at you as a slave……you’re wearing things that are too good」

With a poker face, Lemilia tilted her head slightly.

「Wearing good things? It’s tattered clothes, they’re patched up, and I’ve worn them for many years」

「Ahh, I’ll change how I say it. As a bitch of a chief, you look too clean. That’s the start of all of my doubts. And……the things hidden inside your clothes……it’s too high grade. It’s unbalanced」

As if she had given up, Lemilia made a giggle.

「Even the ones I wore inside, how were you able to grasp about it?」

「I couldn’t see it with a glance. But, actually, I have【Appraisal Eyes】. I checked very carefully, and the results immediately appeared. Well, more specifically, your defeat is because you made me have suspicions on you……」

And there, the golden-haired girl who was completely left behind, interrupted the two’s conversation.

「Eh? But……Lemilia-san, she was doing the lowest job like taking care of the slaves, and……」

「That band of thieves’ source of money is catching girls and selling them as slaves right? As a business, if it’s not for selling only one time but continuously, a main business partner is needed, and……that is a common thing. It’s because there’s demand that there would be a supply」

「Eh? Ah? Demand? Supply?」

「And, of course, they even have bounties, so the band of thieves here, from the way they get supplies to the way they train slaves, they should have touched the laws somewhere. If that is so……it should be impossible to sell it to legal slave markets. It means, it’s impossible to find a business deal in broad daylight. However, of course, they were able to do this as a business, so a main business partner should exist……a deep business partner. Kidnap girls and sell them, in that kind of modus operandi that people who would do it doesn’t cease to exist, if they had infamy for having a B-Rank bounty in their headsーーthey should be doing business steadily. And……for that, it’s important to ensure the least quality of the productーーthe management of the training of slaves, in their business, that should be a crucial detail」

「Eh? Eh? Ah……? Eh?」

Leaving aside the golden-haired girl who was panicking, the red-haired girl Lemilia started to laugh there.

「Haha!……fuhaha……un, un, you’re great. Brother, you’re very very good. With stupid rough guys, it can’t be helped that the way they treat girls would be bad. The slave’s training……in something like this, if I were not the one who would lead it……the customers would get angry」

“And then……”, Junpei clapped his hands.

「The problem isーーwhy do you go to the point where you even wear tattered clothes, and fake your own identity……is it. I guess most of it, but can I ask you to explain that?」

「It’s this kind of business after all, assuming knights getting dispatched, and attacks from adventures who hunt bounty heads……it is……to be able to escape anytime. Well, normally, it’s impossible to have a female chief after all. And actually, the ones who know that I’m the chief……is the leaders that you had killed」

“And”, she continued.

「All of those guys, they were all over me……so yeah, well, they were easy to control」

Junpei nodded contently as if to say”As expected”.

「Even if we were caught by bounty hunters, or maybe troops or guards, my setting is that I’m an ex-slave that was forcefully made to be the bitch of the chief, so……I can escape just by saying any excuses, and I won’t be punished too」

“But……”, the golden-haired girl who had a sickly blue face opened her mouth.

「……Lemilia-san was always……always crying with me for the girls who were killed……」

“Hmph”, as if to stop caring anymore, Lemilia snorted.

「That’s just taking care of the slaves that can’t be sold anymore because of diseases. I’m just using that very efficiently for your training」

「Training……you say……it’s murder you know?」

Shaking her head sidewards, the golden-haired girl, even so, continues.

「But, but……but, but, but, but!! Tears won’t lie right?」

「Haha! You’re really a brat huh? Something like tears, if I’d want to, I can shed all I want. And if that’s also difficult, if I always bring with me onions and lemons……it’s a very easy thing」

「……even if that’s true, what in the world is the reason for making me see corpses for training……? I can’t……I can’t accept it」

「The worst……if it was shown at the beginning, won’t you be able to endure most of the things after you were bought? Besides, there’s also other reasons why my setting is that I’m an ex-slave other than thinking of my safety. In some cases, even if they’re only a sex slave, they’d start thinking that they might be able to get some proper treatment, and there’s the possibility of making idiots who would attend on their masters by themselves……that’s the modus」

The golden-haired girl shuts up with those words, and Junpei opened his mouth.

「Okay〜. It’s exactly how I guessed it」

Lemilia raised both of her hands as if to show that she had given up, then asked Junpei.

「You can tie me with a rope, or put some handcuffs or whatever. Against a real monster like you……I’m not as stupid to go on a fight you know? And so……are you going to bring me, who is the chief of a bounty headed band of thieves, to a town’s guild after this……and make me enter a prison? It would take 3 days to the nearest town……」

「Unfortunately, I’m not so kind-hearted that I would let you reach the guild unscathed」

Feeling something, Lemilia licked her lips, and showed her tits.

「Then, are you going to rape me first then bring me to the guild? I really don’t mind either way? Either way, the bounty that is placed in meーー150 gold coins, has a condition that I’d be brought alive」

“Fuu〜”, a deep sigh.

「There’s only one thing I’d say」

He aimed the handgun towards the middle of Lemilia’s eyebrows, and pulled the trigger without pausing.

「You’re unpleasant, soーーdisappear」

“Pan!”, a dry sound.

Together with the smell of gunpowder, a blood and brain flower has bloomed.

To that happening in an instant, the golden-haired girl got paralyzed in fright, and fell down to her bottom.

「Why……why kill……」

「I’ll show you what’s inside her clothes」

The tattered patched up clothes, Junpei dismantled it with a knife.

And then, numerous jewelry and rings had been shown.

「If turned to gold coins, about a hundred huh……」

In addition to that, there were also vials with liquids inside and kinds of blades.

「This is……a blade?」

「Poisoned knife, and fast acting deadly poison. Also, numerous items that look very dangerous……even if I tie her up or something, I don’t want to travel with someone like this」

The golden-haired girl, she couldn’t say anything anymore, and could only open her mouth and shut it closed again.

She was like, “what in the world is going on, really……”.

Then finally, as if she had noticed something, she opened her mouth.

「……come to think of it, you knew that Lemilia-san were holding jewelry right?」

「Yeah, I knew it」

“And yet……”, the girl asked while tilting her head.

「……why did you express that the things you had gotten from the thieves were shabby? If it’s valued together with the jewelry……they would be an enormous amount right?」

After shutting up for a while, Junpei annoyingly whispered.

「……I don’t really want to stand out that much. If I were to change jewelry to gold at once, or even in a way a small amount but frequently in stores……standing out can’t be avoided right?」

「……that is true」

「That’s why, if possible……I wanted some cash」

And furthermore, Junpei thought of something, and asked it to the girl.

「Hey, these guys, are they really…………famous bandits?」(TL: would changed band of thieves to bandits)

「……they really are, the most infamous around here……they’re B-ranked bounty heads」

Together with a sigh, Junpei shrugged his shoulders.

「I see, huh. So……I really don’t want to stand out」

One of the tens of jewelries that came out of Lemilia’s clothes, Junpei gave it to the girl.

「T-Tha……that is!! More than this, I can’t take any……」

And, with a fresh looking smile, Junpei laughed.

「I told you it’s hush money right? Don’t hold back…… I saved you, and also gave you money. If that is so……about me, and the truth about this banditsーーyou understand that it’s for your sake to not mention anything about it right?」

Even before Junpei finished speaking, the girl’s expression was rapidly turning blue.

The killing intent that was not directed to her up until nowーーthis time, she probably noticed that it is attacking her without a doubt.

The girl started trembling due to the frightening amount of killing intent, and let out a voice as if to squeeze it out.

「I-I, I-I a-amーー! I-I was c-con……confined! W-With my e-eyes covered y-yesterday!……w-when I noticed it……e-everyone’s……everyone’s dead……they were d-dead, and……!」

While having tears piled up on her eyes, the girl continued as if to beg for her life.

「T-That’s why! That’s why!……I-I, I-I-I haf……I-I did not s-see an……y……shing……anything!」

“Un”, he nodded, and Junpei said this.

「Yeah, that’s great」

After saying just that, Junpei left that place while waving his hands backwards.

And, he advanced by walking to the road connecting to human civilization that the golden-haired girl taught her.

ーーwell, even though that’s said, in this situation where my appearance is not similar to my original look because of【Mimicry】……there’s really no problem at all, in fact. If it became troublesome, I can just use【Mimicry】once again, but……it’s what you call……making sure of things.

“And……”, he summarized the case this time.

ーーeven if it’s head-on, or maybe even unorthodox methods……that group that has a B-Ranked bounty heads……they were completely, not my match.

He gripped his fist, and looked at the sky.

ーーthis is not overestimating myself, but confidence……no, it’s conviction.

“Un”, he nodded, and spat this out casually.

「ーーoutside, I’m invincible」

ーーCitadel, Manakis.

The final destination of the road that continuously extends from the plains.

The time is about the sun setting.

In the gates of the citadel covered with circular walls, Junpei was receiving an inspection from a guard.

「If it is staying without presenting any proof of identity, one large copper is needed each day. And the limit of stay is two weeks」

The man who has an exaggerated appearance, wearing a full plate armor, whispered with a cold shoulder.

It has been around 10 hours since he had parted ways with the slave girl and walked through the road.

As the result of advancing with a jogging pace without resting, he was able to arrive here.

「I don’t have a proof of identity. What should I do to enter inside?」

「Advance payment for the next two weeks……14 large copper coins……or 1 silver coin and 4 large copper coins, you will need to entrust us that much. And, if you are going to leave from here, give this tally to the guard at this gate. If you do that, your change would be returned」

He took out a small cloth bag, and Junpei paid 2 silver coins.

And then, the guard gave Junpei 6 large copper coins.

「So……where’s the adventurer’s guild?」

When he asked that, the guard laughed at his place.

「Fun!……haha……! Wants to be an adventurer, huh……? Someone……like you?」

Junpei’s current appearance, is a golden-haired, blue-eyed boy in his middle teens.

A slim boy who is wearing a tattered coat, and equipped with old equipments.

He was exactly like a poor young man who’s an apprentice adventurer, and is probably has the lowest position in the community inside the town.

「I think you should think twice. Someone as flimsy as you can’t do jobs of an adventurer. You should register at laborer’s guild, and start from light jobs」

Well, honestly speaking, with his appearance that was not that different from a homeless man, it’s very natural to be looked down on.

「Sorry for that, I’m not also doing something like this for being crazy or for bluffing」

After saying all of that, Junpei took out a small cloth bag from his waist.

It’s filled with candies coated with honey inside.

It’s something that he had taken from the thieves’ hideout, and it’s flavored with cinnamonーーspices are expensive enough that they can be traded with an equal weight of gold. The instant he saw that, the man gulped.

Junpei took one of it from inside, and placed it inside his mouth as if to say that it has no poison. And offered, reaching out that cloth bag to the man.

The man cleared his throat once, and smelled Junpei’s head.

「You don’t smell that bad……huh. It’s not like you’re living unsanitary as you look. And then, why a high-grade snack like this?」

「About that snack, I was just lucky.……even though I look like this, I’m fussy about cleanliness, and even though in tatters, I regularly wash them, and I also take baths……well, that’s the reason, I guss」

“Hmph”, the man snorted, and took a few sweet snacks from Junpei.

He put one of those inside his mouth, and rolled it around as if to taste it.

「Processed sugar and honey……cinnamon too, huh……」

He swallowed the remaining sweets, and the man’s cheeks loosened to it delicious tasted.

「Well, it is fine then, whether or not you register to the adventurer’s guild is something that has nothing to do with me……I’ll teach it to you. After you go through the gate, advance straight. You will reach a plaza after 10 minutes. The adventurer’s guild is two buildings away from the large church there」

“And so……”, the man smiled.

「Can I have another……no, a few more?」

「Yeah, of course, I don’t mind」

After saying that, Junpei around ten sweets on the palm that was reached out.

The man made a full smile, and asked Junpei.

「This is very appreciating……. And then, what else do you want to ask?」

「For the meantime……today’s inn, I guess. A place that has good food, as cheap as possible, and also cleanーーit would be nice if there’s a bath」

“Hmm”, the guard thought for a moment, then took a map of the town from his waist, and started to write something with his pen.

While waiting for the man, Junpei hit his hand, and added.

「Ahh, and also, a jewelry shop……or maybe a pawnshop. Also, I want to know about a weapon’s store that handles good quality stuff」

And, at that time, commotions appeared far behind Junpei.

When he took a look, a crowd has been madeーーand the cheerful atmosphere changed to a nervous one.

And the instant he felt that, the man writes a few marks on the map in a hurry, then passed it to Junpei.

「Sorry, I have a very important work right now」

「Work?」

Junpei looked at the man with a dubious expression, but looking at his tightened face, he nodded honestly.

「……well, for now, thanks a lot」

After saying only that, Junpei waved his hand backwards and left.

▼ ▼ ▼

*Sponsored by Shin Amazake-sama





Chapter 2 - Robbery In An Instant (Part 4)


▼ ▼ ▼

At the same place. A happening that occurred after Junpei left.

If that scene was described, it is probably called as a small scale Daimyo’s procession.

The one who was leading it, was a Holy Knight wearing a platinum full plate armor inscribed with the Holy Church’s symbol riding a white horse.

The people went to the side to give way, and all of those people kneeled down on the ground.

In the middle of the group, there was a VIP box that was enshrined also inscribed with the symbol of the holy church.

The procession only had 20 people.

Thinking of the status of the person inside the box, that scale was far too small.

But, however, this case was nominally an inspection of the city incognito, so if that was mentioned, that was all that there was.

However, the twenty bodyguards are people who are very befitting for their role.

The one who leads the way is an S-Rank Holy Knight that is dyed in the wool even in the church.

And in addition to that, there are 3 A-Rank Holy Knights that are protecting the box.

The remaining Holy Knights, all of them are also B-Ranked and even if this place turns into a battlefield, without exaggerationーーthey are skilled people who can turn around local wars.

They can really be called as a strategical strength.

And the person that those elite bodyguards protectーー

ーーThe Holy Church’s 17th Arch Bishop, Pietro Monocis.

To explain what an arch bishop is, the holy church must be explained first.

The Holy Church is the largest faction of the Vina Religion that can be called as the world’s religion. The expansion of its authority has the following circumstances.

Once upon a time, this continent had a lot of revolts and usurpation due to disparity.

The ruling class, they were struggling on how to tame the uneducated, violent low-caste people which were rather closer to animals.

But having that said, the rulers at that time were not mature enough to have a revolution, to implement the system of compulsory education. They feared that from that, the social structure that was full of exploitation and deception would be noticed. If that happens, it would not only end with revolts or usurpation, that is also unplanned violence, but it would rather cause a revolution.

And the thing that was introduced there, was the teachings of the Holy Church that were still newly founded back then.

Honest, honorable poverty.

Self-discipline.

Diligence, hard work.

These teachings that sound good to the ears was very convenient to the side who exploits.

Saying it simpler, under the name of moral education, it is very useful policy to create an increase of the cultural level of the citizens also called as slaves.

And the royalty and emperors who noticed that advantage, officially recognized the holy church.

And even within those countries, the Sacred Vina Empire created a closer relationship with the holy church compared to other countries, and had created an enormous territory that sweeps the continent.

For the side of the empire, the dispatch of the imperial blood and the empire’s upper echelons to the backbone of the church.

For the side of the church, the peremptory appointment of the upper echelons of the backbone of the church starting from the Pope, into the key positions of the empire.

At times, the Pope’s peremptory appointment is to be the Emperor, and there are times that the Emperor would become the next Pope.

And as the result of that kind of shape and having too closely similar wavelength being repeated for many long years, the Sacred Emperor indicates the nation’s current Emperor, and at the same time as in authority, also essentially the top of the Holy Church. This is something that in the citizen of this world, even the children knows about.

The Arch Bishop, is the Holy Church’s Number 2, that comes after the Pope.

However, it has far more holy powers compared to the Pope.

In the first place, the Pope is completely different when it comes to virtue and legal force, it’s what people call as a uniformed pivot, a political title that was chosen through a struggle for power.

Therefore, even though they are similarly the core of the holy church, the Pope and the Arch Bishop has completely different authorities.

As viewed as a company organization in Japan, a career achiever, and a staff that came from the main company……would probably better understood.

Anyways, the Arch Bishop is a title only given to people who have earnestly pursued virtues, heightened their holy powers, and had become the Holy Church’s strongest exorcist.

If the arch bishops in the history are read, the proportion of the ones who were commoners was 50%, and that only means that it is a holy profession that is chosen purely through abilities.

ーーthat is why, the fame of the arch bishop between the masses is very high.

In fact, from how the situation looks, the ones that were shedding their tears while praying were not of a few people.

Of course, the gate’s guards too, to not lose their respects, they lined up in perfect order, and showed their highest level of salute.

ーーand, there, something that cannot be understood happened.

When the procession has passed through a third of the gate, a voice was heard from the box. And at the same time, the group had emergency stopped.

And very surprisinglyーーthe Arch Bishop, from insideーーa white-haired man, lightly stepped down to the ground.

The instant that the elderly man who was wearing a clerical garment made with gold thread had stepped onto the ground, clamors could be heard from the surroundings.

The elderly man, while assuming his confident posture, started to walk towards one guardーーthe man who Junpei talked to earlierーーand greeted him.

「Hmm……is, nice to meet you……proper here?」

ーーthe one who was surprised was the guard.

In authority, a person who is treated higher than the Sacred Emperor who conquers the continent, and also in the level of the peak of S-Rank adventurers. On top of that, he also has a tremendous support from the people.

That heavenly person……he stood down to a place where a commoner like himself stood, and greeted him.

Of course, the guard doesn’t understand what in the world was happening.

The male guard immediately kneeled to the ground(dogeza), and while having a cold sweat like “did I do something rude……”, he thought of his actions.

「Raise your head. It’s very hard to talk, really……by the way, you are?」(TL: arch bishop-san talks elderly, ends sentences with 〜no jya)

Receiving those words, the guard raised his head.

What the guard saw, was a very wrinkled face with a soft smile.

「With clairvoyance……I had looked at you just a little. How do you……relate with that boy? I saw that you were very friendly with each other」

“What is it again”, the guard tilted his head.

“That boy……don’t tell me, is it the boy who had a sugar snack from earlier……?”, he thought.

「……with that boy, do you mean that boy that I have dealt with just earlier? ……even if I am asked what relationship we have, I just……」

「Hmm……I see, yes, I got it. Oi, you there? You……how did you saw that boy?」

「How did I saw him……? Honestly answering to that……a very shabby boy……. other than that……」

「Hohho. Well, from how I saw him……that, I could only see it as……a monster」

The guard narrowed his eyebrows dubiously.

「A monster……?」

「ーー【Mimicry】. And even one that is on super-class. I wonder if the face under that is an oni or a devil, or maybe it is a Demon King. Well, his status are even under【Mimicry】……and with my【Appraisal Eyes】, I could only find out that, that boy……he is standing in a far higher place than me」

「Exceeds……the Arch Bishop-sama?」

The guard couldn’t help but soften his cheeks and started to laugh.

「……fufu!……please do not joeke」

The arch bishop didn’t change his soft smile, however, he glared at the guard with strong eyes, then continued.

「Hohho……they say, don’t look don’t touch, don’t touch don’t look. That boy, rather than the strength in a different dimension that he possesses, from how I saw it, his disposition is one that has the problem」

Receiving the look of the arch bishop, the man trembled as if a frog glared at by a snake, and gulped to clear his through.

「Disposition……you mean?」

「The misfortune and karma he carries……it is. If it is touched carelessly, the dark flames of hell that he clad, it will devour everything and change it into a scorched earth」

「……」

「You know, there are two things that should never be touched in this world. One is the dragon species, and the other thing, is the Interstice Labyrinth. Both of them, they are controlled from outside this world’s laws. He is most probably, someone who’s related with one of them……」

The male guard was already, completely left behind.

However, the arch bishop continued without caring about him.

「Well, there are things in the world that should be left untouched. Even I……if possible, in my remaining life, I would not want to get involved with that boy」

For the guard, just being called out by the arch bishopーーno, just getting involved with him was already like “please leave me alone already”, on top of that, the series of words that he can’t understand.

He really felt like shouting “please leave me alone already”, but there was no way that he could be that rude.

While making a stiff smile, the guard responded with a coarse voice.

「Oh really……the Arch Bishop-sama is very good with jokes…… I’ll catch that vagrant boy then……」

「A joke? Can you say I’m joking even if you see this?」

After grinning, the arch bishop reached out his right hand to the guard, and spread his palm.

There was sweat falling off from his palm like a waterfall, they fell to the ground, creating a stain.

「Anyways, I was planning on staying in this town for a while, but……should I go back instead?」

「Eh!……ah!……u!……?」

After saying up to that, the arch bishop returned to his box.

「Something like that……exorcising it would be impossible even betting my life………………if several S-Rank Adventurers of the Sacred Empire was sent to hunt…………no, even with that, I can’t see the probability of surely winning」

“Damn it really……”, the arch bishop spat out.

「……truly, I do not want to get involved……」

ーーafter a few minutes, several things went in and out of the guard’s head.

The big shots within the town were very busy these past few days to welcome the arch bishop.

And the conversation that happened here.

Looking from the side, it isn’t strange that it could be taken as, he himself doing a rude thing, and making the arch bishop be in a bad mood and go back.

ーーhow should I report this……

While looking at the procession that was leaving far away, the guard held his head with both hands.

And, he turned around to the gate where Junpei had left, and whispered.

「……that brat……really……what in the world is he?」

*Sponsored by Shin Amazake-sama





Chapter 3 - Underground Guild (Part 1)


It looked like an uncouth weapon’s store.

Inside the store were only wooden materials seemed to just be nailed together, there was no equipment with grandeur ornaments. They were like chunks of steel that were carelessly aligned.

And the one who was keeping the company of Junpei, was alsoーーan uncouth storekeeper.

White hair, white beard, and a face with unmoving expressions.

Is he a blacksmith himself, the muscles in his arms were robust for his appearance in age.

「And then……your budget is?」

The storekeeper said to Junpei bluntly.

「About 7 silver coins, I guess?」

「Go home」

To the immediate declaration of the answer of the storekeeper, even Junpei was taken aback.

「……?」

The storekeeper flings his hands as if to chase him away troublesomely.

「My shop doesn’t have swords or spears that are sold at that price. We handle equipments that adventurers would leave their life into. To place shoddy goods in my store……my pride won’t forgive it!」

「No……the thing I’m searching for are throwing knivesーー」

Without waiting for Junpei’s words to finish, the storekeeper shouted at him with veins bulging from his temples.

「You window shopper, I’m telling you to shut up and go home you damn it!!」

Being showered by angry shouts, Junpei shrugged his shoulders.

「……well, whatever. I got it. I’ll go home just like you said so……but, before that, can I ask you the way?」

While gesturing with his chin, the storekeeper answered with an angry expression.

「Way?」

「……the jewelry shop is really on this street right?」

The storekeeper tilted his head dubiously.

「Ahh, the pawnshop Mirine Merchant Company is immediately to the left after you leave here……it’s just, that place only deal with rich people?」

「Thanks. See you later then」

After saying just that, Junpei left the store while waving his hand backwards, and walked to the left.

「He was saying that……the thing he was searching for was a knife huh……?」

Inside the store that Junpei left. The storekeeper let out a sigh while looking around his store.

「Recently, I seem to gotten stubborn, and stopped listening to what people say……if it’s 7 silver coins for a knife……it’s not like I don’t have some. I thought that it was an order for a sword or a spear, but he might have only wanted a knife to protect himself……I might have done something wrong」

After the storeowner had said that to himself, he took out an ashtray.

He then lit his pipe, and deliciously took a deep breath.

ーーI really can’t help, treating dull young men with strong attitude……specially those who seem like they don’t have any future.

He knew what his bad habits were, and the storeowner thought that he was not like this back then.

He had met many kinds of people, continuing his weapon store business for a long time.

However, the customers who had become a regular one, they would die one next to the other because of war, or maybe failing a subjugation request from the guild.

At least, as a blacksmith……as a veteran, he knew the weight of the lives of people better.

That is why, when he sees young people who would recklessly risk their lives while relying on shoddy equipments, he gained the personality of being unable to leave them alone without saying anything.

At the same time, he stopped handling equipments that are inferior. And when he noticed it, this store became a little bit more expensive in this area, the customers stopped coming, and the business also started to go worse.

In short, the customers were taken by the stores that handle inferior goods.

While looking at the smoke that was rising to the ceiling, the clumsy store owner said to himself.

「It might be already the right time to stop……. well, anyways, this has even become only as a past time right now……. I won’t be troubled to find something to eat with my savings up until now……」

He was imagining the lifestyle that he would have after retiring absentmindedly, but at that time, Junpei who left the store returned once again.

*KaranKaran*, at the same time that the bell of the store rang, the storekeeper called out to Junpei.

「Ohh, sorry earlier, not talking to you properly. It was a knifeーーwas it? If it’s for 7 silver coins, I can sell you the cheapest one for your self-protection if you wantーー」

Is he hearing the storekeeper’s words or not, Junpei casually walked towards the counter, and left the small cloth bag that seems to have a lot of weight in front of the storeowner.

「I changed to money the assets that I currently have. My budget is 50 gold coins (appx. $250,000). I knew that this was a high-grade store……but I didn’t have cash earlier, so sorry about that. Tell me if it isn’t enough」

The storeowner widened his eyes.

And, after thinking of something for a while, he opened his mouth with a voice that couldn’t hide his surprise.

「……the most expensive knife, is only 1 gold coin though?」

The storeowner opened the shelf below, and searched.

And after that, he reached out the knife over the counter.

Receiving that, Junpei whistled.

「Johnny the Macker……a model from 20 years ago huh. It’s not something that is classified as a rare item, but has the highest evaluation for versatile knives……and most of all, even within the same models of Johnny the Macker, this year’s model has astounding quality……Ossan, this is a good weapon store huh? Un, just looking at the efficiency, it can be treated as a Rare Rank E」

He widened his eyes more than before, and the storeowner answered with a slightly cheerful voice.

「……you’re very knowledgeable huh? Also……you seem like you have good eyes」

“Yeah”, he nodded, and Junpei said.

「If the quality’s this good, I don’t have any complaints, give me about fifty of them」

「F-F-Fifty you say?!」

“n?”, Junpei placed a hand on his chin, and let out a sigh like, “I’m troubled……”.

「I told you that my budget is 50 gold coins right? You can’t prepare it?」

Receiving Junpei’s sight, the storeowner thought for a while, and then nodded.

「I’ll tell you honestly. There are only 10 in this store. The remaining 40……I can prepare them within 2 weeks」

Junpei nodded meaning to agree.

「I also want to ask another thing……」

「What?」

「The use for the knife, it’s going to be as a poisoned throwing knife. I’m thinking of using it without regards as if it’s an expendable thing」

The storeowner who heard that made a surprised smile.

「Johnny the Macker as expendable goods huh……who are you, an S-Rank adventurer or something? Well, you’re probably some rich kid from somewhere……」

And then, Junpei removed his tattered cloak there.

The thing that appeared under the cloak, was the Sword Saint’s Light Armor.

“Oi……”, the colors on the storeowner’s eyes immediately changed.

「You……that light armor……isn’t that a Rare S-Ranked……where did you get……」

Shaking his head, Junpei shrugged his shoulders.

「You’re also a pro right? Then, don’t inquire something you don’t need to. And so, the thing I want to ask is very simple」

「……ask?」

「While its blades soaked in poison, I want to carry the knives in a bundle as if to coil around this light armor」

Gulping, the storeowner, stared straight towards Junpei seriously.

「Can you remove the light armor」

Following the storeowner’s words, Junpei removed the metal fittings of the armor, and placed each one of the parts on top of the counter.

He looked at the light armor which was aligned as if to judge their values from top to bottom, and even he took them with his arms as if to check the how the specific parts felt.

「What a fascinating made magic equipment. Even for S-Rank adventurers, it would be difficult for them to find something of this quality. In fact, even I, being able to acquire a masterpiece like this……I never have, not even once」

「And then, how is it?」

「……I can do it by joining the sheaths of the knives on a leather belt. And then, the work itself can be finished within a day, but……it would be a little troublesome, to find materials that could fit equipment this amazing. Can you give me time?」

「For how long?」

After thinking for a moment, the storeowner answered.

「It’s probably for 2 weeks……probably」

「Then, there’s no problem」

「However……the price for the materials would be expensive? How’s 2 gold coins?」

Junpei who had a serious face, said surprised.

「Hey, I’m going to buy 50 knives, can’t you do that for free」

The storeowner made a wry smile, and raised both of his hands as if to surrender.

And then, the two, they exchanged handshakes while wearing an innocent smile.

「Well then, the payment would be 50 gold coins in advance. It would be troublesome if you’d already ran away after I gathered the materials」

「I don’t mind. After two weeks at the same time, I’ll come here again」

After saying that, Junpei quickly equipped the light armor.

And then, he took the tattered cloak that was left on the top of the table, and once again, started to walk towards the door in the entrance while waving his hand backwards.

Suddenly, in the storeowner’s sight, he saw something around Junpei’s waist who was about to wear the tattered cloak.

The storeowner exceeds being surprised, and became petrified.

He heavily rubbed his eyes, and once again, as if he had seen something unbelievable, he looked at Junpei’s back.

ーーthat shield……is it Aegis Shield? Its rarity……exceeds S……a legendary class……you say? That should be an item……that only exists……fairy tales……

To the too much of an impact, the storeowner had completely stopped in his place.

In the end, for ten seconds until Junpei have left the street and his appearance couldn’t be seen anymore, the storeowner even forgot how to breathe, and was completely petrified.

And when he was able to move again, he collapsed backwards, falling down from his seat.

「Hehe……! It looks like my hips are dislocated……hehe!……fufu!……fufufufufufu!」

As if it was really very funny, while laying on his back, the storeowner laughed while his hands are on his stomach.

「That’s good, no this is great……this is why the business of selling is so interesting…… as long as that guy is coming as a customer……there is no way that I can retire……!」

Inside a room of a clean inn. A room filled with the warm smell of wood and the fragrance of sunlight that seeped to the beddings, fresh air that cannot be compared to the inside of the labyrinth.

The windows have been fully opened, and Junpei was sitting on the window side.

While looking at the splendid moon in the sky, he started to drink red wine with cheese as a snack on the side.

And there, *KonKon*, a knocking sound.

When Junpei gave permission to enter the room, the waiter entered with a black bread and a simple soup on a tray.

「It is already very late……so please forgive only being able to prepare this」

「The dinner here, it’s in the dining room on the first floor when the sun has set……was it? Leave it on the table. I’ll be careful to not be too late from now on……the tip is in there so you can take it if you want」

After hearing those words, the waiter bowed, then left the room after receiving the tip.

This inn that the gate guard has told him, was not so bad.

It has a bath, and Junpei has just come out from it.

Commonly, for adventurers who are living in an inn, the bath indicates a public bath.

Having a bath at their facility, inevitably, the inn’s rank would go up. In fact, the rank of this inn is in the lower grade of the high grades, so it could be said that it is a place where B-Rank adventurers would stay on.

ーーCleanliness.

It is something that is very important for Junpei who had grown up in Japan, and as long as he had the money, he wanted to prioritize the cleanliness of the facility.

When he was still doing farm work in a village, using the very small amount of money that he had, he had went to the town’s public bath once.

However, the water looked dirty in its colors, and it was something that is only a little better compared to taking a bath on a river.

And inside the labyrinth, there was no way that he could soak his body and have a relaxing bath, and he had not thought of it even once.

As if to wash off the dirt that he had up until now, Junpei stayed on the inn’s bath for more than an hour, and has just washed off the dirt that accumulated in his body.

He has also removed the oil and dandruff that was causing the itchiness in his head.

The cold night air, a body that is warmed, it reallyーーjust, feels good.

「However……I was scammed……that jewelry store……」

While feeling the night air, Junpei whispered to himself.

The exchange rate of the jewels that should be 100 gold coins, was counted down to 60. Because they were of special circumstances, they were only bought with 60% of the market price.

Well, that is why……he does not have any worries for something that there would be a thievery commotion or things like that.

He made a helpless expression, unable to do anything about it.

In the first place, he can change his appearance using【Mimicry】, and when time comes that he was chased by the guards, he had the confidence to run away, but……there is nothing better about avoiding troubles.

And there, he shook his head.

There was nothing that he could gain thinking or be complaining about things that have already ended.

Junpei did not have the time to do wasteful things.

「Well then. Before it gets cold……I should eat it」

He went towards the table from the window side.

The tray on top of the tableーーhe took that, having dried meat and potato soup and black bread on a plate on top of it, and sat down after returning to the side of the window once again, to look outside.

He scooped the spoon into the wooden bowl, brought it to his mouth, then had eyes widened in surprise.

「……delicious」

That taste, it was on different dimensions compared to the food he made for himself inside the labyrinth.

Although, since he’s comparing it to the emergency food that he made just to get rid of hunger, it is a very natural thing.

When he compared it to the instant food in Japan composedly, the thing that Junpei is eating right now was a very awful thing. However, even that soup, for Junpei who now had an ultimate poor tongue, he felt that it was far more delicious than the high-class French cuisine around Ginza, that costs tens of dollars for each dish.

And after that, he put butter on the black bread, then took a small piece into his mouth. And he immediately followed with the next piece.

Because he had swallowed it with almost not biting it, it got stuck in his throat, so he drank the red wine in its decanter.

*GehoGeho*, he coughed while hitting his chest, and after a breath, he opened his mouth as if to feel what he had said.

「Delicious……. It is really, so………………………………delicious」

While being moved to the deliciousness of the food, Junpei looked up to the moon.

In the sky, there was a river of stars. Stars that if you reach out your hands, you might reach them.

Just expected of an inn on top of a hill, the view is very splendid, and the air is also fresh.

When he looked down, the light of the people’s lifestyleーーtheir lives are burning.

Bright starry sky, and the light of the people’s lifestyle.

While looking at them alternately, Junpei let out a very deep sigh with deep feelings.

「I really came back, huh……. it might be something temporary, but……I……」

When he noticed it, tears have started to fall from his eyes.

Or maybe, in the modern era, something like successfully escaping as a death row inmate, breathing fresh air might feel like this.

As if to clench and feel his temporary freedom, Junpei once again carried a spoonful of the soup into his mouth.

「……un」

After saying just that, his thoughts changed to the plans from now on.

ーーthe objective that I came outside, is tripling the status. Meaning, to rank up to an advanced job.

For that, he needs to escape from his jobless state, and have an advanced job.

In other words, to rise up to an A-Rank adventurer……

「Tomorrow……I should go to the guild and register as an adventurer……I guess」

“And then……”, Junpei gripped his fist.

ーーafter that……it’s my revenge for them……

According to the God, there would be a change within Junpei if he finishes his revenge. However, that does not matter.

ーーKido’s face appeared in his mind.

ーーNoriko’s face appeared in his mind.

ーーAnd, their lackeys’ faces appeared in his mind.

All of their faces were filled with ill intents, looking down on him, or have pity on him, without exception.

Those guysーーeven when they had pushed Junpei down into that labyrinthーーwithout any sense of guilt, they were only, making smiles filled with evil intents.

And while he remembered that, from the bottom of his stomach, Junpei felt something hot come out.

He drank the remaining wine at once.

He then glared at the night sky, and whispered as if to spit out.

「That’s right. Everything’s……starting now」

*Thank you, Haddow Declan Barnes-sama, Johan Solis Molina-sama, Rafael Soria-sama, Julio Cubilas-sama, Gian Carlo Zaragoza-sama Javier Ledezma-sama, Richard Wong-sama, Kevin Carp-sama for Sponsoring!





Chapter 3 - Underground Guild (Part 2)


In the town’s centerーーthe adventurer’s guild.

It is a three-floor facility of old wood.

On the first floor, there are white boards where paper request tags are pasted, different counters, and office in between them.

And in the first floor of that building, Junpei shouted with a very loud voice.

「Haa?!! Isn’t that too much?!」

The receptionist wearing glasses rolled her eyes to Junpei’s loud voice.

「……it is the rules, so」

After being silent for a moment, Junpei lashed out to the receptionist.

「I had never heard that there’s a damn need of a proof of identity in registering to the guild?」

“Fufun”, she raised the corner of her lips, and the receptionistーーthe woman with a long blonde hair with elf ears answers.

「It is not being said after all…… well, it is a matter that should be known by common sense so, shouldn’t you be the one who’s wrong not knowing about it?」

Being said like that, he could not say anything back. Junpei softens his attitude a little, then asked.

「……what should I do then?」

Tilting her head, the elf-eared blonde wearing glasses answered happily.

「There is nothing we can do」

As if to show, “ahh, this is the worst”, Junpei shrugged his shoulders.

「……I got it that there’s nothing that can be done. Well, that’s probably the rules after all…… but, can you at least explain to me the reason?」

*Kokuri*, the elf-eared blonde nodded.

「In the first place, a person who does not have a proof of identity……will be treated as an individual who does not have any guarantor. Normally, people who would come from villages, their village head would become their guarantor, or, for individuals who have come from a city that has exceeded a certain scale, with the request of the family or relatives, after completing a certain requirement, the city head or affiliated organizations will guarantee their identity. Other than that, some would use the school that they are from or other public facilities as their guarantor. And so, the ones who does not have that will be……criminals, fugitives from somewhere, or exiled people……well, there are a lot of people who are like that」

「……and then?」

Smiling pleasantly, the elf tilted her head and nodded.

「It means, there are already so many rough people within adventurers……and so……the adventurer’s guild is not tolerant enough to accept, troublesome people lie that」

“I see now”, Junpei nodded, and thought in his place for a while.

And finally, he bowed his head deeply, and begged to the receptionist.

「Please, can’t anything be done? I……I really need to register in the guild, and have an advanced job」

To Junpei’s serious tone, “KusuKusu”, the receptionist started to laugh in her place.

Junpei raised his head to see what was the matter. She was desperately holding her laughter, but her good looking face had already disappeared miserably.

「Kusukusu……oh my……sorry……! Fu……u……please……please wait for a moment……………fu……fu!………yosh. Well, then……ad……advanced job, means……A……A-Rank and above……you know?……So……kusukusu!……so, sor……sorry, but……it is something unrelated……to a person filthy asーー」

「The job, is a sacred thing made by the gods in this world in the first place……was it?」

The receptionist who seem to have finally gained her composure, nodded like “exactly”.

「In the case where people were born without jobs……they would finally be able to have one once they are certified as a C-Rank adventurer, and one would need to become an A-Rank adventurer to have an advanced job. Normal jobs can be taken in the sanctuary of guild branches; however, you would need to go to the sanctuary of the guild’s headquarters to acquire an advanced job」

After saying that, the receptionist made a laughing expression once again after seeing how Junpei looked.

「Well, it is even called a sanctuary, so that is a graceful place for high-class people……I cannot think that it would have something to do with a filthy person like you」

「Filthy, filthy, you’re too noisy……. if it’s money, I have a lot of it. Can’t something be done with that?」

The elf receptionist’s long ears flicked after hearing that.

「What a lowly person, making things done using money……well, nothing can be done with small changes you know?」

「If it’s cash……I can do something if it’s 10 gold coins」

The elf receptionist placed her pointing finger in the middle of her brows, and after fixing the position of her glasses, she scolded Junpei with a high tone.

「Are you not……looking down at the adventurer’s guild too much?」

Since it was quite a loud voice, looks were gathered.

She continued then while glaring at Junpei.

「You’re talking quite big to say 10 gold coins, but it is impossible to approve exceptions to the time bent rules for just that amount of moneyーーit would be setting a bad example for everyone?」

Towards the receptionist who had said it bluntly, Junpei took out a cloth bag.

「Then, if it can’t be done with the adventurer’s guild, Onee-san’s personal view on things or stories are good enough, so……I want to hear a lot」

Junpei said that, took one large copper coin from the cloth bag, then placed it on top of the counter.

The receptionist got stunned for an instant, but made a wry smile after understanding what Junpei wanted to do.

And then, she reached out her hand to the coin then placed it inside her pocket, and after thinking for a few seconds, she made a very blatant sullen face.

「Well, there are……other ways」

「……ways?」

「Yes, ways to create proof of identities, and a path to become an A-Rank adventurer……that is quite different from norm」

“Hmm”, Junpei placed his hand in his jaw, moved his body forward.

「……tell me in details?」

To Junpei who was staring intently, the receptionist answered with a blank face. Without answering the question, “KonKon”, she tapped the counter with her finger, and made a pleasant smile.

Junpei took another large copper coin from the cloth bag while clicking his tongue, then placed it on the counter.

「……making the underground guild guarantee your identity, and then, the guild in the surfaceーーmeaning, in here, accepting the B-Rank adventurer selection test might be a way?」

「Underground guild……? Selection……test……?」

To Junpei who was having an absent-minded face, the receptionist shrugged her shoulders like, “well, this is worthless……”.

「To think that you don’t know the underground guild……you’re very much a country bumpkin huh…… you want me to explain in order?」

「I would if possible」

「The underground guildーーofficially named as Thousand Hands Society. In short, an outlaw convenience agency. Most of their clients are criminal syndicates or individual criminals, junkies, or maybe……people who are completely perverts whose aim are kidnapping」

「The heck, isn’t all of that criminals……」

「Well, even though it is called as “underground”, it is still a legal organization. Even the requests that can be taken under the sun……they are nothing good, for example, collecting mandragora or kidnapping demi-humans……anyways, each of them is barely legal, However, as long as the money were enough……it is negotiable between the client and the one who would accept the request. Well, it is an organization where those kinds of rumors are being whispered」

「Mandragora……kidnapping demi-humans……huh. Honestly, I’ve had enough of things like that that makes me puke, but……well whatever, please continue」

「Things like kidnapping demi-humans, it would really seem like a job that has too much stimulation for a virgin-looking person like you though……」

After pausing the conversation there, the receptionist, once again, started to tap on the counter.

Junpei rolled his eyes, and pouted his lips.

「Hey……isn’t this, too much」

Once again, he placed a large copper coin on the counter.

「Well, you should just think of it as a lecture fee for a country bumpkin who does not even know about that……and so, in fact, illegal requests are also being mediated in the underground. Things like……errands for the assassin’s guild, delivering drugs to the mafia, or maybe, mediation of illegal slaves」

「And then……?」

「However, well, as I have explained earlier, although it is called as the underground guild……it is publicly a legal organization. Well, at least, it is also an organization whose existence is approved by the union of countries」

「……publicly, doing dirty jobs that are in the gray zone……but behind all of that, they would mediate illegal requests…… in short, it is a good for nothing, shitty organization huh?」

「Correct」

「And……people who would work in that kind of place, are idiots who don’t care about their lives. If not so, it would be full of guys that are criminal fugitives, or ones who have some complicated circumstances, am I wrong?」

「Well, even so……if you register there and complete some requirement, the underground guild would guarantee your identity. This is something that is needed not to say, but it the quality of its guarantee is of the lowest class, and it would be something that would only show as a proof of residence and proof of income」

「……you’re saying that I need to take that proof of guarantee, to register as an adventurer here? But, would the guild have trust on me having that kind of proof of identity?」

The receptionist made a pleasant smile.

「Yes, we would not trust you? However, you can register. You can but, being in the worst situation being a low-class adventurer from the underground guild, you cannot accept a proper job in this guild. After all, there are so many newbie E-Rank and D-rank adventurers」

「……you’re saying that, instead, if there are so many out there, there’s no need to leave a request for a suspicious person?」

「That is right. There are no merits for using troublesome adventurers. And……inevitably, since there are no requests, with or without skills, it would be very difficult to raise ranks as an adventurer」

「I’d be troubled, if it’s like that……」

“Ahh”, Junpei nodded, then hit a fist on his palm

「That’s what you mean huh. That is whyーーthe B-Rank adventurer selection test」

After Junpei said that, she nodded like “that’s right”.

「Well, originally……it is a test made for rookies that has a different level of strength who are winners of martial arts competitions or ones who had recommendations of S-Rank adventurers」

Junpei who heard the explanation of the receptionist thought for a while, then finally, asked his final question.

「And then……where is that underground guild?」

*KonKon*, the receptionist tapped the counter again.

「You’re good at business huh?」

To Junpei who was rolling his eyes, the receptionist answered with showing her tongue.

「……I am told of that a lot」

After letting out a sigh, Junpei placed a large copper coin on the counter.

「When you go to the left street after leaving here, you would reach a plaza circle. And from thereーー」

▼ ▼ ▼





Chapter 3 - Underground Guild (Part 3)


▼ ▼ ▼

ーーinside the guild after Junpei had left.

The blonde elf receptionist, after she confirmed the two men who went outside to go after Junpei, she stood up.

「Well then……it is right about lunch. It is a little early…… I’ll take lunch first……」

She called out like that to the receptionist on to her side that has a flax-colored hair.

「Wait a minute」

To the blonde elf who was about to go outside at a fast walking pace, the woman with a flax-colored hair called her to a stop

「Ara, what is it?」

「I had heard you earlier……I think that it is not my misunderstanding, that the way to the underground guild, isn’t it a little weird?」

The blonde elf showed her tongue, and *Kotsuri*, hit her head.

「Ara, was that so?」

「The way you told him was intentionally through the slum town……on top of that, a route where there is only a few people would go through…… there is no mistaking that it is the fastest route. But……that rookie that stinks of country……is it not normal letting him go around?」

The blonde elf answered with a pleasant smile as if to not care at all, winked towards the woman with flax hair color.

「……it is very hard to live in the city as a demi-human elf you know. Really, ridiculous taxes are taken from us…… well, we’re buying our human rights using money, so that is very natural though, oh, I’d lose my part if I don’t hurry…… I need to confirm how much they took in action……I can’t let my guard down towards them after all」

Then the blonde elf took out three large copper coins and reached them out towards the woman with flax hair color.

Receiving that, “Hmph”, the woman with flax hair color smiled mischievously, then waved her hand as if to urge to “go”.

「……thanks! You shouldn’t, go too far, okay〜?」

▼▼▼

A few minutes of walking after leaving the adventurer’s guild, Junpei was walking through the back alleys.

Firstーーa very strong smell of ammonia came to his nose.

The surroundings were dim although it was still in the afternoon.

Houses in tatters, and numerous tents that were erected in the building walls.

Overflowing garbage everywhere, and the feces and corpses of small animals were lovely.

Mats that were left in the corner of the streets. Under the mat that was just fit for an adult to hide, a graphic bulge where flies and rats gathered could be seenーーof course, thinking that there was a human lying in there should be correct.

It might be the aspect of the slums in what you call as developing countries in modern times, or maybe worst than that.

The people who were living there, they might be either criminals, outcasts, or hobos.

Homeless people, gangsters, and kids that were wandering in the streets.

Innocence cannot be seen within their eyesーーthey cannot be blamed, after all, they are living through selling their bodies, or pickpocketing.

In fact, they were looking at Junpei who was walking quickly with desire, as if to lick with their eyes.

And, in the corner of that back alley, a large man called out to Junpei.

「Hehe, hey brother?」

When he turned around, he let out a light sigh.

A large man, and a skinny man. They both look like adventurers, and countless scars could be seen in the skin that shows under their light armors.

「You pretty much……look like “it” huh. You’re the ones who followed me from the guild right?」

To Junpei’s words, the two adventurers looked at each other’s faces, they made a surprised expression for an instant.

However, the large man quickly regained himself glares at Junpei, and threats him with a heavy, low voice.

「Even if you know we’ve been following you, it looks like you don’t know the reason huh? Well, tough luck, you were too careless……saying that you can pay 10 gold coins immediately in the guild huh?」

「Ahh, thanks for your concern. That’s true, I might’ve been too careless」

And furthermore, the skinny man who was standing beside the large man interrupted.

「We’re C-Rank adventurers ya know. Think carefully, there’s no way that a rookie would be fine being surrounded by us two」

“I see……”, Junpei placed a hand on his chin.

「In short, you’re threatening me for money huh」

「My bad, little brother? If you’d say something like 10 gold coins, well……you’d really stand out」

「By the way, I have a suggestion for you C-Rank adventurers」

The man narrowed his eyebrows dubiously.

「……condition?」

「From how I look, there’s not a lot of people in here, and even if someone sees you doing something “bad”, you would be ignored……just like that corpse under that mat」

「Yeah, that’s right」

「Even so, brothers also should think that, this, under the sun……it is quite hard to you too right? You also stand out after all. And there, I have a suggestion. Up to that unmanned……tattered house……I’ll follow you inside. That’s also better for you guys right?」

After the two had looked at each other’s faces, the skinny man nodded.

「Well, that is really helping us bro……since its a suggestion, you’re asking for something back right」

“Un”, Junpei nodded.

「The large brother……I want to arm wrestle with him. And if I win, I want you to let me off」

「If you lose……?」

「I’ll leave everything I have without resisting. I also don’t want to be bullied you know. Well, in the case when I lose, can you leave this tattered cloak at least. I wouldn’t want to walk in the streets naked after all」

The men discussed something with a few words.

And finally, the large man smiled with a grin.

「……arm wrestle huh……isn’t that interesting」

Inside the dusty tattered house with walls with open holes.

There is no difference that it is dark and dim, but they could see just enough.

Inside the 10-tatami room, to Junpei who have finished setting the tableーーthe arm wrestling table that has about the height of his waist, the skinny man called out.

「You’re quite intelligent huh?」

「What are you talking about?」

「If we fought, you’d have no chance of winning and get killed. And you’d also get killed if you run away. You knew about that right? Well! I get what you’re thinking, though. Anyone would」

「Well, if I run into the guild saying robbery or threatening……that’s very bad for you after all」

In exchange for the skinny man, the large man stood up in front of the table, and started to speak while placing his elbow on it.

「But, if you ask for it to be something like a game, you can somehow speak with us, and there’s the possibility that we might feel something for you. On top of that, you’d say things about losing at the beginning……saying that you won’t resist if you lose, that’s pretty good」

Junpei placed his elbow on the table, and gripped the man’s palm.

「But, you’re opponent’s pretty bad? We ourselves, don’t want to leave the victims alive you know. Either you win or lose, you’d be killed and buried」

Shaking his head, Junpei made a fragile smile.

「Nah, I don’t really mind? Even “for me”, I think just the same. We’ve come to a place……that is very convenient for both of us」

「Brat, stop saying gibberish……」

The large man gripped his hand strongly.

And Junpei, as if to answer to him, he gripped strongly.

“Hou”, the large man raised the corner of his lips, impressed.

「……I see, you’re quite confident with your strength huh. Maybeーーyou really are confident that you’d win」

「Shouldn’t we start?」

「Yeah, I don’t mind」

「「READY……GO!」」

The two released their strength, and both had veins popping in their temples.

「I see huh. You, it really seems like you were planning to win in an arm wrestle」

「……」

「I’ll admit that you’re not a simple rookie……your life up until now……you probably had gone so far with your strength. That’s quite admirable with those thin arms……I really think so, I’m impressed」

“However”, the man laughed.

「You had two miscalculations here. The first one is, even if you win against me in an arm wrestle, you’d be killed by the two of us in the end. And the other oneーー」

*Gugu!*, the man released more strength, and the situation that seems to have balance have been broken, and Junpei was started to get pushed back.

「With just mere strength, that’d only be effective of E-Rank or D-Rank adventurers! You’re a frog in a wellーーyou bumpkin!!」

*Dosun!*, together with that sound, the back of Junpei’s hand landed on the table.

Both of them were breathing through their shoulders, and glared at each other for a while.

And finally, Junpei opened his mouth.

「……well, with a C-Rank adventurer as an opponent……it’s this much huh」

After saying just that, Junpei walked towards the skinny man without saying anything.

「You there……you’re a martial artist right? Then, this place around my stomach……can you hit it with all you have?」

To the crazy declaration, not just the skinny man, but the large man was also taken aback.

And while that happened, Junpei walked without care and guardless, stepping inside the attacking range of the skinny man.

If it was a C-Rank adventurer, it is about time that they would reach the dimension of a veteran.

The skinny man immediately readied himself. His left hand forward, and his right hand around his waist.

Together with a unique step method closing the distance at once, he shot his killer right straight towards Junpei’s stomach.

ーー*Dosun!*, the sound of directly hitting his solar plexus.

「Well bro, this is stomach killer huh. With organs destroyed, you’re in a course that you’d meet Buddha」

The large man who was looking on the side was making a vulgar smile. But, the skinny man had a white and blue face.

For example, a karate partitioner in the modern times, they would describe it like this.

ーーthat was like, hitting a several hundred ton boulder that was coated with a gigantic rubber with full force…… or maybe that was…… fully swinging a metal bat on a concrete wall coated by rubber……

「I see huh. The HP would feed back like this in the real world huh」

「……aa!……aa!………AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaーーーーー!!」

Without stopping, the skinny man then continued to attack consecutively.

Right straight, left hook, right high kick, brazilian kick, and one feet tackle.

All of those were seen through by Junpei, and was evaded.

「Un. I already got what I wanted to know so it’s fine already」

And when he had noticed itーーthe skinny man had his back stolen by Junpei.

The large man who was watching the whole scene could only have his eyes popping out to surprise. He closed and opened his mouth for a while, and described it with his wrung out words.

「……instantaneous……movement?」

In fact, the large man could only see it like that.

While taking out a knife from his waist, Junpei opened his mouth.

「Nah, it is normal movement」

And without the slightest hesitation, he cuts the skinny man’s cervical artery.

The blood that splashed out parallel to the ground, it painted the tattered walls red.

「Ahya!」

*Dosari*, as if a puppet whose strings were cut, the skinny man fell to the ground.

And at the same time, the man also had blood fountains coming out of his limbs, and fell to his knees.

That only means, that soon after cutting the skinny man’s cervical artery, Junpei had already cut the man’s tendons on his limbs.

「……yo……you!……what the……! What the fuck did you do!!」

「I just told you I moved normally right」

“By the way……”, while looking down at the large man who had collapsed on the ground, Junpei raised the corner of his lips.

「In the place where I have trained, I was a paper armor who had a frail body you know? Well, the only thing that I am proud of, is my speed though……and so, catching that skinny frail body person, and saying that he’s proud of his strengthーー」

Keeping his knife, Junpei took out his handgun from his waist.

And after matching the gunpoint in the middle of the large man’s eyebrows, he pulled the trigger.

「ーーRight now……how do you feel?」

*Pan!*, a dry sound.

The blood and brain cocktail had blossomed inside the tattered house.

And Junpei who had looked around, let out a loud voice towards outside of the house.

「And with that, just as you can see……sister receptionist elf. Can you enter inside?」

After a while, *Gii*, the door in the house’s entrance opened.

Looking there, there was the elf receptionist who had exceeded having a blue face, and had a dead man’s complexion.

With her whole body shivering, she called out to Junpei with twitching expressions.

「It’s probably a rookie hunting, or a business to do a highwayman robbery for rich kids……but……well, the opponent’s too bad this time」

「……i……it……is……n-not……a……si-situation……tha……that I……I-I can……get away……?」

「That’s exactly it」

Falling to the ground, the blonde elf begged with tears in her eyes.

「I-I……I’ll let……you have my body!!……if you want……I’ll……I’ll make you……make you feel good!……so! P-Please! Do……don……don’t kill me!……Please……!」

With a sigh, Junpei opened his mouth.

「Come to think of it, you called me a virgin in the guild, am I right?」

「I……I……I……I’ll……I’ll take……I’ll take that back!!……so!……please……please……I’ll do……I’ll do anything!……fo……for……forgive……」

「Nah, you don’t need to do that. In fact, I’m a virgin」

Did the receptionist get relieved with those words, it seems like she regained some of her composture.

And then, she raised her skirt, and intentionally showed her thighs.

Knowing what she was planning to do, Junpei waved his hands.

「Too bad……the ones who know about my skill……I’ve decided to kill them alll」

Together with a gunshot, the smell of gunpowder could be smelled in the surroundings.

「Well, it’s limited to villains though. For very kind civilians……it’s up to negotiation」

And Junpei left that place with a quick pace.

▼▼▼

ーーat the same day, inside the adventurer’s guild after two hours.

A man who seems to be in the prime of his life, wearing a platinum armor stood in front of the receptionist counter.

Just looking at the way he stands, one would really know that he is very trained.

That man whose atmosphere was not simpleーーin fact, he was anything but simple, as a proof for that, the adventurers who had seen his appearance were making a commotionーーhe called out to the flat breasted receptionist with a flax-colored hair with a very pleasant smile.

「To think that an S-Rank adventurer would be a receptionist in a place like this, really……that is quite a strange hobby」

Inflating one of her cheeks, the woman answered with a click of her tongue.

「……my identity, only the guild’s branch head and some of the officials know about it you know〜……can’t you be more attentive for me? I mean, for the continent’s number one sword master, Cagnas to show his face here……well, is it not strange?」

The woman’s words, the man answered with a smile.

「And so, can you consider what we had talked about before? If you are free enough to catch young ones in this kind of place……」

At the middle of his words, the receptionist interrupted with her hand.

「Well, it’s my hobby searching for promising rookies though……I mean, what we’ve talked about before……gathering S-Rank adventurers and investigate the dragon species……or if possible, hunt them, are you talking about that? If it’s about that, my answer’s the same even how many times you would come. Literally……who in the world would want to step on the tail of dragons that doesn’t need to」

「……I just got curious of this」

「Curious? What of?」

The man said while rolling his eyes.

「You’re saying that it’s your hobby to find rookies, but rather……is it not a hobby of crushing rookies?」

Making a grin, the woman licked her lips bewitchingly.

「They say, unripe fruits are delicious you know……? The ones who would challenge something like the B-Rank selection test……rookies who are confident with their half-baked skills, forcefully crushing them together with their future…… just thinking of it, doesn’t it send shivers to your spine?」

「Unreasonable demands in the test subjects……they say that there’s no end to the people who would die in the middle or would have a lasting injury you know?」

「Well! They should be able to do at least that much. Even for me, I can’t let approve anyone to become a B-Rank as an exception that easily right?」

The man made an indescribable expression.

「I just passed by because I have something to do nearby today. Next time, I should treat you food or something……I’ll make you fall for me for sure」

「Haha!……it’s difficult for guys who are in love huh? Well, I’ll let you treat me, but……even if you come many times, I’ll just say that I won’t have anything to do with dragon species okay?」

The man turned around then, and walked towards the entrance.

And around that time, *Bo〜n*, *Bo〜n*, the table clock rang, and a pigeon doll came out from inside.

The time is 4 in the afternoon. It is the time that the guild’s reception would close.

“U〜n……”, the woman with a flax-colored hair, she looked at the ceiling, and innocently softens her cheeks.

「He〜……since she has not yet returned right now……that blonde elf, probably, it’s either she got killed, or got caught instead, sold in the slave market……」

And, she continued with a tone that seems to show happiness from the bottom of her heart.

「Well, it just only means that he’s not for show, having the B-Rank selection test as his goal huh……fufu. Isn’t this interesting, noーーdoesn’t this seem delicious?」





Chapter 4 - Great Noble’s Elf Hunt (Part 1)


Getting through the slums which were literally a garbage dumpーーthe area where maggots and flies appear, Junpei reached the part of the town that the receptionist lady told.

The human resource office other than the adventurer’s guildーーthe Thousand Hands Society alias the underground guild, has its branch erected in the area which was a little far away from the city’s center. The structures and buildings which are aligned in around this area are fancy stores and restaurants managed by rich merchants.

It is the underground guild which has an image of outlaws and would do anything for money because of taking jobs in the gray zone, but whereabouts of the branch here in this citadel of Manakis is in a first class district.

The reason is very simple and clear, it is nothing needed to be mentioned but, compensation is needed for dark and ill desires. The client would promise a hefty reward for that.

ーーin short, money is needed.

Within the back alley where three floored and four floored buildings are aligned, there was a chic wooden building with brown and black color as a base releasing a distinct, unique atmosphere. Compared to the adventurer’s guild, it would even feel high class.

*Gokuri*, Junpei swallowed, then opened the door.

「I see……it’s double door huh」

When he opened the first door, it was a narrow, long room the size of a 6-tatami room. And ahead of that, there was another door.

Beside the second door, there was a white-haired man wearing butler clothes on standby.

The man smiled kindly towards Junpei.

「Welcome, customer……is what I would have like to say, but this is not a place a boy would come to. I suggest for you to leave right away……」

“Hmph”, Junpei made a pleasant smile.

「I would also prefer that, but my situation isn’t that great you know. It’s just that, this is the only place left that I can rely on」

“Hmm……”, thinking of something, the butler made an indescribable troubled face.

「Knowing what kind of place this is, and still could not help to visit……you say. It seems like you have a lot of hardships even though you are young. Well, if you insist then……please pass through」

Nodding lightly, Junpei passed through the side of the butler and opened the door.

And when he entered the room, he rolled his eyes and made a smile.

「With a glance……the outside appearance looked decent so……I was worried how would it be, but……. with a meaning, I’m relieved」

The lobby that has the size of about a 30-tatami room had the distinct smell of mandragoraーーit is a variant, so it is currently unregulatedーーwhich actually fills the room.

And that smell, it would be most probably, coming from the lounge room that could be seen at the corner.

As a proof for that, the dangerous looking guys whose eyes has “gone” and high, were cheerfully drinking alcohol and had cigarettes in their mouth.

Not minding all of that, Junpei glanced at the papers posted at the aligned white board inside the room.

· Butchering Animal Meat (Negotiable)

· Transportation・Sales of Mandragora for Alchemy Experimentation (Negotiable)

· Slave Hunting and Management (Negotiable)

Each one of them, it was clearly far away from the estimation of rewards that could be seen in the adventurer’s guild.

Or rather, each of them has exceptional rewards.

Negotiable means……they are nominally taking applicants for butchering animal meat, but in actual reality, they are probably for something not good like……taking care of human corpses.

“No, maybe……”, and there, Junpei felt lightheaded. He might be forced to manufacture the corpse of someone he knows nothing of with good for nothing reasons, and might even have to butcher it.

“Anyways, they aren’t going to be good……”, while thinking of that, Junpei walked towards the counter in the back.

「……on what business did you come for? Unfortunately, if you are just merely looking……I am very sorry but, can I ask you to leave?」

It is unknown if it’s natural hair or dyed hair, the white-hairedーーno, silver-haired. It was a thin, pale-skinned girl having a red colored left eye and wearing an eyepatch on the right eye.

She’s probably in her late teens, and it would seem like she has quite the hobby very like “that”, and her a skull and rose tattoo around her right neck was very impressive.

「I want to work……no, more specifically, I want an identification card」

“Fuu〜”, letting out a sigh, the receptionist seem to have thought of something, then opened her lips which were colored by a violet rouge.

「……the branches of the organization called underground guild exceeds a hundred in the whole worldーーand most of the individuals who have registered there……they had stopped being human, and they are all good for nothing bastards……. do you understand those circumstances?」

「Yeah, well, it seems so」

「……and, us……the Thousand Hands Society would really only guarantee the least minimum level of identity. Right now, it would only be the proof of address, but……even so, there is a limit to the capacity」

And there, Junpei interrupted.

「I somehow get it. The underground guild is being used much for the gray zone……you mean it like that right? It is because it is convenient for rich people and those who are in powers, that this gray zone could continue to exist. However……」

The eye patch silver haired girl smiled impressed.

「……that is exactly it. It means that……for the individuals who registered in the Thousand Hands Society……it would be troublesome if they were too unruly. For the exalted personalities, they would be no meaning if we are not tamed dogs. If one would become, literally a crazy dog that cannot be managed……it would be immediately destroyed」

Making a serious face, Junpei asked.

「That is why, there are many shackles. There are also a lot of restrictions to the various kinds of rights given to you, and there are also rules, right……? And……about making a proof of identity, what would happen?」

「……normally, you would need to wait for days to months until there is a free spot, but you are lucky. Just earlier, a corpse of a member of the Thousand Hands Society has been delivered」

「A corpse delivered……? You mean like……there was an accident during the job or something?」

*Kokuri*, the eye patch girl nodded.

「……the cause of death is, an incident during the management of slave workers in a farm」

「What do you mean?」

「Management of slave workers……it is a work that……even if forced, and even if some slaves are lost……well, there would be no problem, as long as the quota is reached……it is that kind of job」

「……and then?」

「In short, he has been killed by a slave worker who conspired……it is something like that. It seems like he had pushed them so much that he has been hated so much as well, so when he was carried into the Thousand Hands Society, he was like a meat chunk」

Hearing up to that, Junpei placed a hand on his chin, and made a sullen face.

「…………」

To Junpei who had become quiet, the silver haired receptionist asked casually.

「……all of the work that is mediated here, all of them has high danger risks……did you become afraid?」

Without answering to that question, Junpei tilted his head.

「Rather than it, being dangerous, about that job……that person who accepted, he’s a discarded pawn in the first place, I mean……he was probably a scapegoat for the owner, to give the slaves something to vent their anger right? It’s something like a russian roulette, waiting for someone to get the short end of the stick」

In the eyes whose other eye brow twitched, there were the colors of surprise mixed in.

「……why do you think so?」

「Sacrificial pieces like us, after all, should be used as a sacrifice. The hefty rewards probably also include that. With just something like an on-site supervision, you would pay such a high price, it’s just like……you’re saying something’s fishy. If you calculate back from that, well, you can easily imagine」

Ignoring the girl who had shut up, Junpei took out a cloth back from his pocket.

「Even if I’m a bit off, I’ve guessed quite correctly right? And so, how much is the underground guild’s registration fee?」

After thinking about something, the receptionist regained herself composure, and opened her mouth.

「……it would be 1 gold coin. There would be no less」

「1 gold coin for just registering……? What a scam」

「……of course, we are taking advantage of you. In other words, we know quite well, that……the people who would fall into such place are people who do not have any other choices」

「I knew that you’re taking advantage, but……isn’t it a rare case, for someone who has fallen this low to be able to pay that money?」

「……there would be no discount for the registration fee. However, you can put it on your tab……borrowing money would be fine」

“I see”, Junpei nodded, and continued his words.

「Most probably, it would have a very high interest rate……borrowed money would be better for you guys rather than cash huh. After all……you can also control the registered members all you want, with just the interest on their debts」

The receptionist raised her hands as if to show resignation.

「……can I ask you something? Why did someone as intelligent as you, fall into such a place?」

Junpei answered with a grin.

「Well, a lot had happened. I mean, you’re a receptionist here, you probably know a lot of examples, of guys who lost their lives after being a curious cat right?」

「……I will take back my question. Please excuse me」

「It’s good that you understand quickly」

And there she started to add as if she had just remembered.

「……also, after you have paid the registration fee, you will need to receive a request that we have chosen. After clearing that mission, you would become a new member of the Thousand Hands Society」

「A request you chose?」

「……it is fine to think of it as a test. And of course, if it was judged that you are inappropriate to become a member of the Thousand Hands Guild, you will be dropped. If so, the registration fee you have paid would be returned」

「I want to ask another thing. Why would you give job before registering?」

「……to find out the minimum ability to complete requests. If it is you though, there should be no problem to tell the truthーーeven if they would be in debt, we would need to find out whether they are someone who can be exploited. And also, to simply look at the cooperativeness and the minimum compliance. Although it would be the worst proof of identity with just the proof of residence……we will guarantee your identity after all……」

「I see, huh. I got it. And so……the specific procedure, what should I do?」

「First would be signing the debtーー」

Opening the drawer below the counter, the receptionist started to search through the files.

「There’s no need」

Junpei took out 1 gold coin from his pocket, and dropped it on top of the counter.

「……really, I wonder who in the world you are?」

「I just said earlier, you shouldn’t pry out too much, right?」

“Not at all”, the receptionist shook her head.

「……honestly, we would tie down the members using debts. We would exploit them using the interest. And, with that as an underlining, we will make loyalty……no, it would be better to say that we would hold onto their reins. Well, we will rule them」

“Hmm”, Junpei nodded lightly.

「……and, if so, in cases of individuals like you, it would be an exception?」

「You mean by exception is?」

「……just earlier, just like you have said, it would be a rare case for people who have fallen this deep to be able to pay in cash immediately」

「Well, yeah, that should be the case」

「……in short, individuals like you who are able to pay the full amount, there is a need to accept a special test before registering」

Junpei narrowed his eyebrows dubiously.

「Test……?」

「……please wait for a while」

The receptionist stood up then, and went inside the office.

After a while, she came back holding a tray with a cup and two plates on it.

With the tray placed on top of the table counter in the middle, Junpei and the receptionist stared at each other.

「……well then, here is one tablet of a lethal dose wolf’s bane pill」

Pointing at one plate, the receptionist smiled kindly.

Junpei was petrified for a while with a stunned expression……then asked.

「And then……?」

Receiving Junpei’s look, the receptionist smiled kindly once again.

「……and here is one tablet of the antidote pill」

And as expected, after he got petrified again, Junpei asked again.

「And then……?」

「……I am going to test your courage. It just means……you would pass if you drank the two at once at the same time. If you have any other questionsーー」

Without waiting for the receptionist to finish speaking, Junpei picked up the two tablets in the two plates and placed it into his mouth.

*BoriBori*, he chewed them.

And the water in the cup, *GokuGoku*, he drank.

「And then……?」

The receptionist whose eyes were widened and absent-minded, for some reason, she was opening and closing her mouth.

After a few seconds, she finally opened her mouth with a panicked expression.

「………………you have……passed」

After a breath’s time, Junpei asked mischievously.

「There isn’t any poison right? It would be troublesome after all if anyone dies here……. but even so, your gates are opened for all kinds of rough individuals, and so, it would be bad for the image if you refuse them without any reasons. Troublesome individuals who can pay cash immediately, you’d make them fail by using a guts test as an excuse……well, I guess that it’s probably like that」

The receptionist who had finished listening to Junpei’s words unhappily, said as if to spit out.

「……rst time」

「n?」

「……this is the first time. For someone who would drink it without listening to the explanation until the end…… I was planning on threatening you, saying things continuously……but, oh really……」

The receptionist searched for something under the table counter.

After a while, the copper plate and one piece of paper that she took out were placed on the table.

「This is a provisional member plate of the Thousand Hands Society. Please fill out the required information in this paper」

Junpei puts the copper plate inside his pocket, and smiled wryly.

ーーwell, I have All Status Ailments Resistance, so, seriously, there wouldn’t have been any problems if there was really poison.





Chapter 4 - Great Noble’s Elf Hunt (Part 2)


It is said that the ancient chinese cities are in the form of fortified cities, surrounded by walls.

It is said that the reason behind it was, during wars, the city itself is a target to plunder, so it is surrounded by protective fences to protect it. And one way to make forts like them fall, is starvation tactics.

And as a plan against that tacticーーwell, putting aside whether it is a plan or not, believe it or not, they say that cannibalism was possible.

Placed between the borders of large countries, the citadel of Makinas which was both a key point for strategy and commerce, is also a city surrounded by walls. And as if it was normal, there was a culture of cannibalism, and a system of distribution.

Well, in reality, the distribution of human meat is only limited during times of emergency, but for elves and other demi-humans, it is not limited to them.

ーーthat was probably the reason, that elven meat had become popular for rich people in this area.

Dry silver hair and as thin as a sickly person, hearing the words of that eye patched receptionist, for some reason, Junpei thought of that/

The receptionist who took out a binder full of papers and skimming through them, finally after a while, her look stopped on one of the papers.

「……well then, your first job. The client is a human customer, a certain noble. The reward is one silver coin per day. The place is in the Makinas outskirts, in the ancient forest. The contents of the request are, miscellaneous jobs for harvesting elven liver」

“Elven liver……”, Junpei’s face got stiff, but he gave up, nodding.

「Ahh, I got it. Is there anything else you need to tell me?」

「……it could be said that this request has the objective of hunting elves. Andーーthis kinds of requests, no one would know how long it would take」

「Meaning?」

「……that would be according to the client. Elven liver could be sold at a high price. Usually, harvesting elven materials are monopolized by the army as training for the order of knights, and to collect operating funds. And to be able to slip into that……the individual who was allowed by the country to hunt, it only means that, that person is quite a VIP」

「I see. All things that would be done in the request would be all depending on that big shot huh? And then, taking the meaning hidden in those words……during the request, we would be forced to keep up with all of his selfishness……is that what you’re saying」

「……exactly. This request is from a VIP with super as its prefix. His bodyguards would either be ones who took the request in the guild in the surface, or requested from the noble purveyor’s retained knights. Putting account that he should be bringing quite a number of servants, however, there was still, a request to the underground guild……」

「……how far would be the range of the miscellaneous jobsーーit means that that guy would be quite a villain huh?」

“Yes”, the receptionist nodded.

「……hygiene management including the butchering of elves. Depending on the sexual disposition of the client……an extra or helper during a group rape. And, an assistant for making preserved food……well, that is about it」

Dizzyingly, Junpei became pale from his head.

「Really……it isn’t anything good」

“By the way……”, the receptionist asked having a little bit of pity.

「……would you really be alright? This might be rude but, I can guess that……you are not the type of person suitable for the Thousand Hands Society. That is, of course, in the meaning of morality……. if it is just for your personality……I can evaluate that, you are classified as a person within the better ones……that is what I think」

“Hmph”, Junpei made a smile, and slightly nodded.

「I feel like shit just thinking of it, but I also have a lot of reasons, that’s why right now, I’m standing hereーーthere’s no problem」

“I see”, *Kokuri*, the receptionist nodded.

「……I understood. Well then……this will be an advice coming from me as an individual……. in this request, there would be another meaning underlying other than miscellaneous jobs. Are you alright with that?」

「What do you mean?」

「……it means, the person who would take the request, meaning you, they do not ask for an ability to fight. This meaning in the Thousand Hands Society……do you understand?」

「There’s no doubt that it would be a “bad” job right? If so, not to mention the miscellaneous work, I would be the first one to be thrown away or used as a sacrificial pawn during an emergency……or maybe, it’s in the premise that I’d be used as a human shield……is that what you mean?」

With an impressed sigh, the receptionist shook her head to disappointingly.

「……you can even tell that much without letting me explain. Oh really, I wonder how did you fall this far…… well, I would not pry anything more than this……」

“Yeah”, Junpei nodded, then said.

「There are two reasons」

「……two……no, well……rather than than……you are telling me the reason?」

「Things that aren’t needed to be told, most probably with good intentions, you taught me things right? If then, I’ll also answer honestly. Well, it would only be……in the range where there wouldn’t be any problems for the both of us, I guess」

「……I see」

「The first reason is……I don’t have much time. I need a proof of identity as soon quickly. And I need it as soon as possible, with a problem that’s heavily coming to me」

「……and then, what is the other reason?」

「Well, rough work……I’m a bit used to it. At least, I think that I’m not at a level that you should be worried」

「……from how your status looks, you seem to be in the middle of D-Rank and C-Rank. If you are as intelligent as this and have a fast intuition for danger……I see, it would really seem like you would not be meeting any hardship」

「You fucking measured my status in this timing……?」

With a slightly surprised tone, Junpei asked the receptionist.

「……this facility costs a lot. However, it does not have any things that are not needed. The entrance has two layers of doors, and the reason why that room is intentionally made like that……with that, I think that you would be able to easily get to the answer……」

「Well, whatever. Do you know the words, wise men keeps their talents in reserve? You guys wouldn’t be able to measure me enough」

And there, “Kusuri”, the receptionist laughed.

「……you are a very good joker. The measuring equipment absolutely cannot be tricked」

Receiving those words, Junpei also returned with a laugh.

「I want to confirm one thing. In the case where……order of knights, the servants, their entourage, all of them had been exterminated……and only I was able to survive, if the case that that would happen and I took back the elven livers, what would happen?」

「……the goal of the request is nominally, harvesting more than 50 livers, and finishing the miscellaneous jobs. In the case where only you survive taking the livers with you, the rewards would be calculated and paid, and the elven livers would be sent to the client’s designated place. In the case where the client would die, please do not worry, because the Thousand Hands Society would pay the rewards instead」

「I see, huh. And then……where should I go?」

「……tomorrow morning, leave the town through the gates, and going to this point in this map should be fine」

Junpei received the map that the receptionist reached out.

「……ahh, just one more thing」

「What?」

「……this is at the level of superstitions, but I will tell you this to be sure. Within the ancient forest……there are rumors since time immemorial, that the earth dragon species appears. And the legends also say, that……they are the elves’ god of protection」

“Dragon species……”, whispering as if to take it in, Junpei felt a cold shiver through his back, remembering a certain scene.

Medusa subjugation in the Interstice Labyrinth. He associated it with that certain living thing, that he even thought as an embodiment of overwhelming injustice, even within the labyrinth.

「Dragon……huh」

「……yes, but well, it is a thing of fairy tales, so……. of the four major dragonsーーfire・earth・water・wind dragons, the only one that is currently confirmed……is the wind dragon species living in the north ends」

「Well, I’ll keep it in mind」

After bowing to the receptionist, Junpei then went towards the entrance.

While looking at his leaving appearance, she thought.

ーーwise men keep their talents in reserve huh……come to think of it, the skill【Mimicry】……it is said that it can even fake the status.

However, she laughed off those thoughts of hers, shaking her head.

ーーbut, it needs to be at a super-class…… even though that boy……even if he showed an abnormal speed of thinking……it is not something realistic after all.

And, she spoke out without intention to let anyone hear.

「No, he thinks very quickly, that is why, he might have some kind of plan? Are you saying that……he bluffed to me……no, he bluffed to the Thousand Hands Society……?」





Chapter 4 - Great Noble’s Elf Hunt (Part 3)


Two hours of walking through the highway after passing through the citadel gates.

Then forty minutes of walking through the side road……when he noticed it, it the surroundings was covered by deep green.

The light coming from the sun above was blocked by the overgrown leaves, it was very dark and dim although it is still in the afternoon.

「According to the map……it’s here……」

And at that time when Junpei whispered that to himself, a lake could be seen.

He checked the surroundings carefully.

About 10 tattered tents that were like patched cloth. And within those, there was one cottage which one could really see as grand and expensive with a glance.

It looks like, this was the base of the guys hunting elves.

「Just as I arrived, there’s already nothing good……」

At the place where Junpei looks at while whispering that, there the appearance of a fat nobleman wearing good clothes.

Surrounding that man was several men with frightening looks that seem to be his followers.

And the thing that they are looking at, was a female elf in her mid-twenties wearing a light armor that shows more skin than covered, holding a bow in her hand. She was surrounded by more than ten men who were very eager to jump on her anytime.

「The words Tsuwarf Village……have you heard them before?」

To the female elf’s question, the nobleman tilted his head.

「No, I do not」

「I am Tsuwarf Village’s……elf princess. Because of you bastard……my fellowmen……three hundred of them died!! There should be no gains for you even if you attack elves right?!! No, it might have been better for those who we were able to confirm their death. The ones missing exceeds a thousand…… why do you take away elves, and rape them? Why do you take away elves, and eat them? Why do you hunt elves……just for fun? I cannot think that this is an act of an intelligent species with a civilization……!!」

“I see”, Junpei analyzed the situation.

ーーmost probably, she tried to kill the mastermind of the elf hunt using a surprise attack but that ended with a failure……well, I think that it’s along those lines.

The fat nobleman made a ridiculing smile towards the female elf.

「……you are in the presence of cousin of the Sacred Emperorーーin front of the I, the Great Noble. You insolent elf princess, your head is too high. If you are willing to say anything……is it not proper to do it while kneeling and with your head on the ground?」

Receiving those words, the female elf pulled her bow’s strings, and shot an arrow at the fat man.

「Die! You pig! To a bastard like you……there is no right to enjoy living!!」

“I completely agree……”, Junpei thought.

But, the world is not that naive that that arrow would pierce through that man’s head.

The instant after the female elf shot her arrow, there was already a trimmed hair bald monkーーmost probably, having the job of a Martial Artist(Monk)ーーstanding in front of the fat man.

ーーreceiving spin.

Just like that, he diverted the arrow’s trajectory.

After diverting, thirty degrees backward.

The arrow flew away to a misdirected direction.

「Not too bad. Aiming at the great noble……that resolution of quickly pulling your bow without thinking of the consequences…… un, as an action of an amateur who is not even an assassin……well, your movements weren’t so bad」

The bald man nodded, and knocked off the following arrows, the second, the third, off the air.

「It is just, well……your opponent was too bad」

The female elf threw down to the ground her bow while clicking her tongue.

And took out a cloth bag from her waist, removed its string using her mouth, and threw it to the fat manーーshe threw the cloth bag 30 meters away, The string got loose, and the contents of the cloth bag were scattered in the air.

「The great noble’s protege……of course, you have elite guards. If so, it cannot be accomplished using bow and arrowーーI have expected this much!!」

The thing that she scattered, were fine gunpowder.

Just right now, those powder were scattered around the great noble, and a huge explosion is inevitable with just a small spark.

The female elf lighted the oiled cloth she prepared beforehand using a flint, and threw it.

「With just a melee job Monk……you can’t avoid an area attack!!」

Junpei who was observing the situation from faraway, thought while placing a hand on his chin.

ーーdust explosion……no, that’s a little different? Well, whatever, having noble client has nothing to do with me. In the first place, however you think of it, the one’s who’s in the wrong is the human’s side after all.

What Junpei chose was, to be a spectator.

However, when the oiled cloth in fire was in the air, there was a strong wind that passed through the surroundings.

It was an updraft similar to a tornado.

The gunpowder was taken by the wind, and was taken up, up in the air.

After few moments, a spark created by sorcery appeared in the air, and a huge explosion occurred up in the air.

As a result, all of the dust that the female elf scattered were lost.

「What……?!」

Towards the panicking female elf, one man walked forward from the back side of the fat man.

「……keeping the gunpowder in distance using the wind, and from a safe place, making it explode using elementary magic」

Then, the female elf spat out full of hatred.

「Multiple Chants(Double)……? A technique equivalent to an A Rank Adventurer……damn it!!」

「Fufu. Well, I will soon become A Rank, but right now, I am still B Rank. Although it depends whether you would still be alive from now on……well, please take care of me」

「Damn itーー!!」

Having veins popping out of her temples, the female elf became half frenzied.

Continuously, she took out seven knives from her waistーーwithout aiming properly, she threw them towards the fat man.

However, all of the course that would have a direct hit was deflected by the monk. And after throwing away all of the knives, the girl fell to her knees to the ground.

「……it’s over……it’s already……over……」

The fat man having men with frightening looks as followers, opened his mouth while having a smile of an absolute victor.

「Striking against this Great Noble is a huge sin. I will let you feel what hell feels like……yes, it is all over, for are, that is」

The female elf slowly stood up, and raised her middle finger.

「The thing that ended……is my revenge. Come nowーーscatter your brains, and show it to death!」

Other than two peopleーーno one understood what the female elf was saying in that place.

*Hyun*, a wind cutting sound.

The female elf had plotted something in this place beforehand.

And that plot, it was arranged that it would end with the knife throwing earlier.

That is right, everything was all according to plan.

That was, a kind of a wire trap. The trap would activate by cutting the wires arranged within the forest beforehand using throwing knives.

The number of traps placed, there are tens, hundreds of homemade bow guns, and the ones that the girl activated were allーーpointing at the place where the fat man was standing right now.

Junpei who has inhuman reflexes and perception abilities were able to notice them immediately, but being a guard is not included in the request he had taken this time.

If so, he is not a person who has a bad hobby of being on the side of that foolish noble……and with that, he continued to be just a spectator just like earlier.

And there was another one, there was a man who was able to react to the bow gun.

Behind the fat man, there was an arrow flying towards his head.

When that black haired young man ran towards the arrow, and grabbed that arrow with a smug face.

「Hahaha! Gunpowder. And traps after the throwing knives……just like that old man monk said, you aren’t so badーーhowever, in the end, just like that old man monk saidーーー, this timeーー」

At the same time when the black haired man started to laugh, the monk had dashed towards the female elf.

After he had grabbed the female elf’s wrist, he locked her arm at lightning speed.

He locked it.

Threw her.

And broke it.

After those flowing like action, *Bogu!*, there was that strange light sound.

It was the sound of the elf’s right elbow joint getting destroyed.

And to that elf facing on the ground, the bald man rode her with his body, and locked her right arm’s joints. It was a situation where she couldn’t move anymore.

When the situation was completely finished, the bald man grinned, raising the corner of his lips.

「ーーthat’s true, this time, your opponent was really the worst. I who is A Rank, and B Rank young genius magician, andーーthat guy who can be counted from above within the S Rank adventurers……he is in this place after all……」

An uncomfortable sweat passed through Junpei’s back who was watching from start to end.

ーーthe magician and the monk……these guys, I’m very confident that I can kill them within seconds. But……that black haired man……

Very carefully, Junpei checked the black haired man from top to bottom.

ーーthat speed right now……I don’t know what tricks he used, but………… with just speed, that guy……isn’t he faster than me?

Junpei’s level easily exceeds 1100. Converting it to the status of an S Rank adventurer, it is near 400, a level out of common sense.

Thinking that the level of the continent’s strongest sword saint is about 200 to 300, the range of that black haired young man should also be around that.

In the first place, to exceed level 300, there is a need to defeat a monster of a very high level, and guys like that can’t be seen other than inside the Interstice Labyrinth.

“If so……”, Junpei made an expression that it was as if he had eaten a bitter bug.

ーーit doesn’t match with the calculation. Even if he placed all his bonus points in evasion efficiency, he shouldn’t exceed the 4300 stats that I have……on top of that, I have the passive effect of increasing it by 1.5 times all times. With that, it’s substantially over 6000 you know?

At that time, the fat man let out a very……very deep sigh.

「B Rank Adventurer……magician Marcus right? Come……come……come here」

「As you wish」

The young man named Marcus had an excited expression, and trotted to the great noble very quickly.

He probably thought that since he blocked the attack using the gunpowder, he would be given some rewards.

He kneeled near the fat man and bowed his head.

But opposite to him, the fat man opened his mouth with disappointment.

「……oh really……I am disappointed with you bastard」

Marcus raised his head, and tilted his head, as if he did not know what he was told.

「……that explosion earlier. In my cheeks, there was slightly……I was hit by a very light heat wave. You have done it, you have done it to this great noble……? This sin is equal to a thousand deaths」

Marcus, seeming to have his blood drained out in an instant, stood up in a hurry, and tried to run away from his place.

But, when he noticed it, there was the appearance of a black haired young man holding a large sword standing in front of Marcus.

「And so, with that, it’s what boss wishes, so……it can’t be……helped right……? Don’t hate me for this okay? Well, you wounded a great noble, so even if you were able to run away from here, it’ll be the start of a fugitive life being chased by the government and the adventurers guild at full force. If so〜……well〜……I can say that it’s a blessing if you can die here」

When the black haired young man made a friendly smile with that, Marcus fell to the ground with his ass.

「Mercy please……have mercy……」

Without caring to him begging for his life, the black haired young man swung his large sword just like swinging a metal bat without changing face colors.

*Pakyo!*, together with that ridiculous sound, the magician’s head exploded.

「This world’s amazing…… how ridiculous are these nobles……haha……what a fucking joke」

Junpei said his honest comments with a silent voice, but no one heard those words.

And furthermore, the black haired young man walked towards the female elf being suppressed by the monk, and asked.

「And then, what would you do now? Dear knight princess? What will you do in this situation hmm?」

「I thought that I could at least return a slash, but…… ku!……kill me if you will……rape me if you want……! However, I will bite off your thing if I am able to. The ones who have that courage……come if you will」

The head of the woman who still shows her pride, the black haired young man stepped on it.

「AGYA……!」

「Who……? In the world……? Would fuck you……? Risking that much……nn? In cities……your value is less than one large copper per night you know?」

*GO!GO!GO!*, with those sounds, the elf’s head was being sandwiched to the ground with the back of young man’s feet.

「GI!……GU!……HYA……!!」

“Fuu〜”, the black haired young man called out to the fat man with a sigh.

「And then……danna-san? What should we do with this thing?」

And to that, the fat man laughed with a giggle.

「As expected of an S Rank Adventurer……to call ME danna-san……」

And then, *Kuwa*, he glared at the young man, and shouted with a loud voice.

「I amーーa Celestial Being!! Be careful with your wordsーーーーyou……fool!!!!!」

Instinctively, most of the ones in that place prostrated, and took a dogeza position.

Other than the elf, there were three people who did not prostrate.

One is the monk who was currently suppressing the elf. For this guy, it can be said that it couldn’t be helped.

The other one, was the black haired young man who was the one being told to be careful with the way he spoke.

And the last one was, Junpei who was looking from afar, not knowing anything of this world’s common sense.

The sharp-sighted black haired young man who saw him, run towards Junpei with a surprised expression.

「You……sorry if I’m wrong but……you came from Earth or something?」

After thinking of something, Junpei replied to the question.

「……why did you think so?」

「That blonde hair……are you from America or Europe? Well, that doesn’t really matter though〜……in this world, the great noble’s authority is like invincible, so……I think you’d better bow your head?」

*Kokuri*, Junpei nodded, and prostrated at his place.

And then, the fat man started to laugh pleasantly.

「Fufu!! Hahaha!! I heard you? And so I ask! Knowing that it would be for the best that you bow your head, why do you not do so?」

Making a fearless smile, the young man said.

「I, who is an S Rank adventurer without increase of equipments, I am someone……who possess the super-class, super rare skill【Acceleration】after all you know〜……? And so, if danna-san really hates it, then I can stop being a guard here……and just go to a different place, I really don’t mind you know?」

The fat man who heard the young man’s words started to laugh while holding his stomach.

「Oh well……you bastard, you’re really interesting. After I hire you in my place for a while, want me to write a letter of recommendation to my cousin the Sacred Emperor?」

「I told you this earlier right〜……I have a lot of acquaintances in the Sacred Empire’s center of command you know……. how can I say this, things like about the dragon species……thinks like that, it’s because of troublesome things like that that I’m having a wanderer’s life, so…… and then, about this elf……can I train it myself?」

「Yeah, I do not mind, do what you like」

「Then, for the mean time, I should make it obedient, using ordinary soldiers to give it a beating……all day and all night. Oh really, I have trained a strong willed woman like this before. That was very fun really〜……well, it’s a girl from my hometown……though」

After that, the two of them talked to each other about things, but Junpei could not listen after he heard that skill name. If he was able to hear about training a girl from hometown, maybe, Junpei had quite a different feelings for “her” from now on.

Well, putting that on the side, the instant that he heard the word【Accelaration】, Junpei’s ear winced, and he was stunned.

ーー【Acceleration】?

On the back of Junpei’s mind, Noriko, Kido and his entourage appeared.

The violence of hitting and kicking was very normal, and their bullying even progressed to things like dirty things.

And at the end of that, those guys had pushed him to the Interstice Labyrinthーーhe thought of their faces, and many, many times, he matched it with the person in front of him/

ーーit is decided that I would kill this guy. On top of that, I will not let it be so easy with just killing him using poison. I will kill him……the worst way possible.

“But”, Junpei shook his head.

ーーnow is not that time. It will be after……I have properly planned for a countermeasure to that uncertainty called【Acceleration】. Up until now, while going deeper to the labyrinth……I have already waited for so long for this chance. If so……let’s stop being sloppy, right, Takeda Junpei?

Junpei controlled his trembling body because of that waiting chance.

It seems like the conversation with the great noble just finished, Junpei stood up, and asked his last question to the black haired young man.

「Hey, did you also come from Earth? Black hair……are you Chinese?」

「Haha, I’m Japanese. But still, I wonder why in this world, all of the languages are fixed to a common language……」

Junpei made a friendly smile, and reached out his hand as if to ask for a handshake.

With a similarly friendly smile, the young man answered.

「ーーI’m Sakakibara Kazuya」

“I know……” without saying that, Junpei nodded.

Thanks to【Mimicry】, Sakakibara had not noticed at all that the man right in front of him was Takeda Junpei.

However, Junpei has not forgotten that man’s face.

He could not forget it even if he wanted to.

Even if he became muscular, some of his face features change, and even if his air around him changed……Junpei noticed that it was him.

ーーBingo. I finally saw you……Kido’s companion……you rotten bastard!





Chapter 5 - The Beginning Of The Revenge (Part 1)


In a forest 10 kilometers away from the lake where their base camp is in.

Today, Junpei and his company have come to investigate the elves’ village.

Surprisingly, there is also quite some rule for hunting the elf race.

Following the circumstances, the reason or origin of this matter, was the war between humans and demi-humans that happened in the past.

The human race invaded the territory of the demi-humans one next to the other, using the violence through numbers. And when the situation where the defeat of the demi-humans became inevitable had come, a cease-fire agreement was made, and the cease-fire condition was to deprive the demi-humans of their human rights.

Since then, the severe legal repression towards the demi-humans had started.

And the best example for that was, the oppression of the rare species, elves.

The elves who had become the target of hunting because of the rumors that they could be used as medicine for longevity, and from how superior their looks are, their rights to live and die were given to humans, and had an explosive decrease in their population.

And in the recent years, they were finally designated as endangered species.

With those circumstances, recently, there was finally a protection policy for the elves as resources that were draught out.

The human’s side had tried and experimented to increase the numbers of elves, but in the end, the bottleneck was that their reproductive ability was absolutely low.

There was once a case where 30 pairs of elves were prepared, they were stripped naked and for a year, they were given drugs and nutrition using the Mandragora and other dangerous drugs that would increase their libido and they were placed in a narrow room, but the results were disappointing. They had been in terrible conditions in the meaning of sexual conditions, but there were not a single one who became pregnant.

In the end, the situation right now is that, it was concluded that it is needed to abide the elves’ breeding season with the cycles of 250 years.

Because of those circumstances, there were currently no more hunts other than the hunting plan created by the order of knights.

Even if it is done, it would be after the investigating the size of the settlement and the expected numbers of elves before hand, or……when a great noble would come in their vacation, using money their money to do it.

And thanks to that, there was finally an end to the overhunting of elvesーー

Within the deep forest, Junpei who was middle of the investigation of the elves’ settlement asked while leaning his back on the trunk of an ancient tree.

「Hey, senpai」

On Junpei’s side, Sakakibara who was also leaning his back on a thick tree answered.

「What?」

At the night, during that dayーーJunpei hit it well with Sakakibara during a drinking session, and Junpei was then assigned to be Sakakibara’s chores attendant.

Honestly, Sakakibara’s attitude towards his work was being free and leisure to himself and the other people……so working as his attendant was not that bad. It was a lot better than being sent to other duties of miscellaneous jobs.

「Senpai……how has it passed, since you’ve come to this world?」

「Four years……no, five years, I guess? And then, a lot of things happened……and that’s why I’m working here right now」

“As I’ve thought……”, Junpei thought.

It looks like there was a difference on how time would pass between inside and outside of “that” labyrinth.

From how Junpei felt it, only a month or several months had passed since he had come here, but time had passed outside that Kido and his companions could grow so much that they could become S-Rank adventurers……it seems like actually, 4 or 5 years had already passed.

「That “thing” that could be seen there, they’re elves right?」

「Yeah, I guess so. Looks like they’re in the middle of hunting the orc’s degraded species」

“Hmm……”, Junpei placed a hand on his chin.

In front of them, the black pig monstersーーseveral orcs were making their nest by opening a hole in the tree, but they were now being chased by more than ten elves.

The orcs received arrows on their backs and their blood had dripped away from their whole body, they had wounds all over their body.

「Elves……aren’t they stronger than humans? At least, I can see that E-Rank adventurers wouldn’t be their match at all. Why……does are the elves letting the humans dominate them……?」

「They was a treaty was made, as the result of the war between the humans and the elves you know〜……you don’t know it huh?」

「Treaty……?」

Making an ambiguous smile, Sakakibara curved his lips.

「……intelligent orcs……you know what that is?」

「……」

「It’s a jargon that demi-humans use. It’s a derogatory term for humans. Well, for example you know, we can’t hit nobles. We can’t go against them directly. And for elves, they can’t even show a rebellious attitude and expressions, or even talk back to nobles」

Sakakibara continued.

「ーーusing their vigorous reproductive abilities, the humans won the war. And then, so〜……in exchange of not killing all of the elves, we gained the rights to treat them as livestock. Well, that’s about it」

「And so, this time is a fox hunt, or rather an elf hunt huh?」

「As long as that honorable noble is with us, the elves could only run away〜. If they would counterattack……their whole settlement……it would be a massacre」

「I see……」

「Well, living things, well……how can I say this, they should be happy what they have right? Well, that……it’s important. It’s very important……to check carefully……the opponents you could win against or not, the ones who you can’t defy and rebel against. And so……you should look down on the ones you could look down to, and……exploit them to their limits, I think. Just like how the elves treat the orcs……or how the humans treat the elves」

Junpei was looking at the male elf splitting the head of an orc.

Its brains were smashed and scattered, and to that orc collapsing to the ground, the group of elves raised happy cheers.

Looking at that scene, Junpei let out a light sigh.

「Well……elves who hunts orcs to eat, being hunted by humans, with a meaning, it could be said that it’s a food pyramid……」

“By the way”, Junpei asked Sakakibara to change the topic.

「Hey, Senpai?」

「You have too many questions you know……well, whatever. I’ll be kind to you, since we came from the same place……and then, so, what is it?」

「That……what are they doing?」

Junpei and Sakakibara looks to the left.

In there, there was the elf princess that was caught days before and a different female elf that seemed to be caught before as well, and they were facing each other holding a sword.

「They’re being forced……to kill each other you know〜……」

「Why is that?」

「The elves’ liver, do you know that it’s a medicine for longevity?」

「I think I heard it before」

Sakakibara said while shrugging his shoulders.

「If the elves are forced to kill each other, you know……it is said that the one who survives……their livers would be more effective」

「……and the authenticity of that is? I mean, is there really an effect for longevity?」

「A thousand years before, you know, a senile old woman said it, it seems. Well, it’s something like a religion. And then, it is really nasty, because it has now spread as the beginning of the holy church that spread across this world」

「Religion?」

「……you also came from Earth right?」

「Yes, that is true」

While holding his laugh, Sakakibara said.

「Will you be convinced if I say, a cult became the world’s religion?」

“Ahh”, Junpei puts a fist in his palm.

「It’s very like “that” huh……I see. In this world……it is very congratulatory in the meaning of despair」

In Junpei’s look, he saw the elf princess stabbing her sword to her brethren while crying, and she has just beheaded her to finish her off.

「That’s about it」

“Fu〜n”, after Junpei became silent for a while, he opened his mouth again.

「Hey, Senpai?」

「You really have too many questions……although we came from the same place, give me a break? Well, whatever……and then, what is it?」

「Why……is she being forced to cannibalize?」

Making a grin, Sakakibara cheerfully answered Junpei’s question.

「That is, well, it’s my hobby」

「Hobby……?」

Looking there, the elf princess whose equipments were taken off was being picked on by the sturdy men.

No, being picked on is too soft to describe it.

More specifically, she’s being violated by kicks and punches.

She lost several teeth, and her whole body was branded by scars and bruises.

「Please……please stop……bihhyra!」

The huge man’s kick hits the side of her head perfectly.

When she collapsed to the ground, she was furthermore kicked to the stomach.

「I cansh e-eat……please……don’t……I……I can’t……. please……help……help me……anybody……gya!」

Following that, her fingers were stepped on by the heel of the boots.

「I-I, I w-will do anything……anything, if yo-you want me to lick……I-I’ll lick it…… one night……ho-how many comes, I-I won’t mind……I’ll s-serve e-everyone……. b-but……please……just……just don’t make me……don’t make me eat elven meat……please……please……」

Her eyes had completely lost its shine, and only a dark expression could be seen.

「It has only been three days since right? That……elf that seems to be very proud……what did you do to make her like that?」

“n?”, Sakakibara laughed cheerfully.

「Drugs and violence. That’s all it is you know〜…… well, normal ones……they wouldn’t even last for 24 hours. That girl, she’s endured pretty well, I think〜……she was still rebellious for about 36 hours……」

「……really, you have some hobby there」

「Women who are……well, strong-willed, you know? Doesn’t it excite your……man’s heart, making them submit?」

「In the past……did a strong-willed woman did something to you?」

Looking far away, Sakakibara opened his mouth.

「My mother, you know……she was a good for nothing……」

「Your mother?」

「Since I remembered……I, have only memories being hit by her, you know」

「……and then?」

「At that time, you know……my mother and father were always fighting……. and because of that, she probably released her stress through me, you know…」

「……」

「Well, in the end, they divorced, and including me……until I was teleported here, I was spending some good times. That doesn’t matter anymore though〜……a child’s memory is scary right? Your sexual disposition is fixed because of that」

「……」

「And, that elf, you know……after I let her eat her race’s flesh, I’m also thinking like, throwing her into a horde of orcs in heat while naked……I’m also thinking of other things」

「Really……you have quite a hobby there?」

Sakakibara picked up a squirming insect from the ground, and reached it out to Junpei.

「You know what this is?」

It was an insect that was a dung beetle and centipede divided and added up together, shining with oil.

Tens of its feet move disgustingly, one would have their hairs standing just by looking at it.

「……I don’t know」

「It looks like a dobsonfly right? And so……just like in Earth, some regions in this world, have bizarre foods」

「……?」

「And, that living organism……it has the characteristics of parasitizing humanoid corpses」

Junpei who figured out what he was saying, blatantly frowned hearing that.

「And so, normally, this is an insect that only parasitizes corpses but, if someone were tied up in a tree unable to move……they would misinterpret that they were already dead, and they would parasitize, entering from the vagina, anus, and mouth」

「……」

「Why do we do that, if you want to know……the elven cuisine is quite deep you know〜……. in short, we’d intentionally let the insects eat their flesh, making their meat……soft and tender. When their muscle tissues are damaged, after the insects has passed through them, it would make the whole meat’s flavor better, and the meat would become tender」

「……」

「So, well, it means that, half of it is for processing elf meat……honestly, the other half would be my hobby though〜…… I, you know……like it very much」

「……by like it, you mean?」

「When the insects crawl under their skin from their wounds or vagina, their meat are also getting eaten. And then……you know……strong-willed women……? They would cry out all their tears, and beg……”please save me”, they’d say……」

「…………」

「I really like it you know……on the top of the head of those women……pissing on their head while laughing out loud」

「………………」

Grinning, Sakakibara laughed.

「And then……anywaysーーit would be a spectacle」

「……spectacle?」

「When the insects have increased to a certain number, what do you think would happen?」

「……」

「They would bite out a hole. Their stomach, you know. It would be like *Dopa!*. Anyways, they would come out like *Dopa!*. Countless insects, dyed with blood and flesh……at once……you know……how can I say this, it would be like *Dopa!*…….! They would come out like that! And that is, really, so……you can’t think that it’s a scene happening in this world right? And……so, I really like that whole process, that’s why even though I’ve become an S-Rank adventurer, I’m working in this place」

Letting out a very, very deep sigh deep inside, “well then”, Junpei clapped his hand and stood up.

「……this would be the last question」

「You, give me a break okay? Even though we came from the same place, we have a different status, you know……. question, question……how many times has it been in this short time? I’m going to get angry you know?」

「Senpai’s skill, it’s called【Acceleration】, this ability, in short, it could change your own time axis……meaning, you could get a super acceleration by extending 1 second to 3 seconds. However, its time limit is 30 seconds per day……is that right, Senpai?」

「Yeah, that’s right, why?」

「Telling someone your skills……aren’t you a little incautious?」

「I, you know〜……I’m not thinking of working on the line of S-Rank adventurers after all, and guys below the A-Rank, they can’t do anything even though they knew this information you know」

“Then”, Junpei grinned.

「What would happen, if a person who exceeds the level of S-Rank adventurers appear?」

“Haa〜?”, to Sakakibara who was making a dumb expression, Junpei made a mocking smile.

「Even though we came from the same place, you really talk too much. You idiot……and also……your crazy fucking hobby……it’s just so disgusting you dumb fuck……. well, whatever. Well thenーー」

And, he continued.

「ーーthe fun is just starting, you know?」





Chapter 5 - The Beginning Of The Revenge (Part 2)


Taking out a gun from his waist, Junpei shot everyone excluding the elf princess.

Only Sakakibara who knew what kind of equipment the handgun is, was able to evade quickly.

Of course, the remaining others cannot dodge. Although, even if they were able to react, there was no way for them to deal with the speed of sound world.

In a blink of an eye, a total of six corpses were created.

The female elf seems to have lost her consciousness due to the violence early on, so the situation was, only Junpei and Sakakibara remained.

「A handgun……huh. Is it the real thing?」

「S&W M57 comes out from my super class appraisal so, isn’t it the real thing?」

“Well, whatever”, Sakakibara seems to be very content, being able to dodge the handgun’s bullet with his peripheral vision.

「You, you know……have you also thought of it?」

「Thought of?」

「With the powers we got right now, you know……if we return to the modern times……don’t you think that’s fun?」

“Ha!”, Junpei snorted at him and shook his head.

「If we return with our current powers……won’t we just get treated like monsters, we’d be unable to live properly」

“Yeah”, there, Sakakibara made a huge nod.

「I see. Come to think of it, you’re a small fucking fry that’s so shitty you were forced to register in the underground guild……. If so〜……just like me, you won’t know how it feels to look down on everyone huh〜……」

*Shun!*, the air shook and Sakakibara disappeared at the same timeーーit would have probably looked like that for common people.

However, Junpei saw it in slow motion with his eyes.

ーーhe won’t use his skill……huh. He’s damn looking down on me.

Sakakibara goes to Junpei’s back, but he intentionally didn’t react.

And in the next instant, the large sword’s blade was on Junpei’s neck.

「With this, you know〜……it’s check mate right? Well, that’s right I guess……if you return to the modern world with that tiny bit of powers……you can’t do anything huh〜. Ahh〜, I wanna go back〜……kidnapping idols that are shown in tv, sneaking into banks〜……even if the police catches me, it would be so easy to escape after all……」

Junpei made a deprecating expression, as if he was looking at an unfortunate child.

「Your imaginations too shitty, it’s so childish, and the scale is too small……if you’d say something, at least say something like annihilating the american army」

「Retorting to me in this situation huh〜……you, can you understand the situa……tion?」

In an instantーーJunpei appeared at Sakakibara’s back.

「It seems like you have confidence in your speed, but this timeーーthe opponent’s too bad huh?」

Without a moment’s pause, Junpei places the Cerberus’ Canine on Sakakibara’s neck.

Not knowing what just happened, Sakakibara said with a panicked tone.

「You……an illusion user……? When did you fucking cast an illusion on me?」

To the very inaccurate question, Junpei couldn’t help but laugh out.

「If it’s hallucination drugs……I have a lot of mandragora if you’d like to know……?」

「ーーdamn!」

He swung his large sword at the same time he turns around.

To this reaction, Junpei rolled his eyesーーand dodged the slash by back flipping.

「……that attack right now……0 points」

「0 points you say?」

「You, you never had a life or death battle right?」

「……haa?」

Sakakibara glared at Junpei with a dubious expression.

「The situation right now, if I wanted to kill you, I could’ve easily done so. After all……I had a sharp object just above your artery right? But without caring about that, you attacked without thinking」

「Didn’t you also took my back from the same situation that you had? You’re just a small fry, what the fuck are you saying? Eh? Bastard? Who do you think I am? I am counted as an S-Ranker even without using skillーー」

“Ahh, this can’t be saved”, Junpei raised upwards both his hands.

「You’re so dumb, you talk about all the critical things…… I really thought you’re so stupid……but I didn’t think that your head’s this empty……」

「Haa?」

「I’m saying, you aren’t my opponent if you don’t use acceleration. You dumb idiot」

Junpei’s appearance faded, and a gust of wind was raised.

In the next instantーーhe appeared at the back of Sakakibara.

Grinning, raising the corner of his mouth, Junpei declares.

「First, I’ll take your finger」

A flash with the Cerberus’ Canine. Sakakibara’s right thumb disappeared from its base, and blood gushed out from the wound just like a fountain.

「What?!!! GUーーーGUAAAAAAAA!!」

Finally, it seems like Sakakibara started to take Junpei as a threat.

He jumped back taking enough distance, and glared at Junpei.

「You, who the hell are you……?」

「Ha!……who’d tell you that. No……just hurry up and remember」

「You’re saying bull……well, whatever〜……. alright……I’ll show it to you……if I use this, even S-Ranked Adventurers would only have death as an end. Meaning, you’re gonna die nowーー」

Sakakibara closed his eyes, and whispers this.

「【Acceleration】」

The ability【Acceleration】extends one’s own timelineーーspecifically, it extends 1 second to 3 seconds.

For example, there is a highschool student who can run 100m in 15 seconds, if he were able to have this ability, he would be able to run through it in 5 seconds.

If it was learned by a skilled person like an S-Ranker, one could say that it is a cheating ability.

「Originally, you know〜」

This is Junpei’s words, but it sounds like Sakakibara’s low, weird, extending tone.

「I thought of a lot of plans…… for example, making you unable to move using poison, or making traps and……well, I thought of a lot of things, but……I didn’t think that it was such a simple ability」

The large sword and the Cerberus’ Canine, they have already clashed tens of times.

The large sword, a flashing slash from above. Junpei dodged that with his quick footsteps.

「You……you……why……why, why……why the fuck? You……you, right now, you can match my……speed?」

Sakakibara’s surprised voice, Junpei could hear it at a strangely high note, and fast forward.

“Haha!”, Junpei shook his head.

「No, I can’t match you at all you know? There’s no leeway for counterattacking」

Parrying the large sword’s stab using the Cerberus’ Canine, he took a sidestep to take distance, then faced him again.

「Although……the point is, I only need to endure 30 seconds, right?」

「Gu!……」

「If I focus on defending, well……it isn’t much」

The sword slashes through many times, but it all ends with a disappointment.

With Junpei’s godlike dodging skills, it would justーーcut through the air.

「Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit!」

A sword slash once again. However, it would never reach Junpei.

If this has no time limit, later on, he would be losing concentration, and lose the ability to evade.

However, in this case, there was no need to worry about that.

「In the first place〜……it’s a skill for speed bro, why the fuck are you using a large sword?」

「Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit! Damnit!」

Without leeway of hearing Junpei’s words, Sakakibara could only swing his sword.

However, it could not catch Junpei’s movements, it could not match it.

「Come to think of it, the guys who are in a biker’s gang, although they are using motorcycles, they are only using custom made flashy bikes without thinking of speed……. you’re just like Kido, in the same yankee group……so in short, it’s like that huh. Well, if your equipment was a knife……I probably would’ve died by now」

And, Junpei’s timeline and Sakakibara’s timeline matches.

ーーtime’s up.

Exceeding the 30-second limit, the side effect of using the skill attacked Sakakibara.

A very heavy muscle strain, pain that is as if his whole body was being tightened up with herculean strength.

「Ga!……gi!……」

He fell down to the ground, and Sakakibara crawled on the ground just like a caterpillar.

「GUGYAA!」

「It’s just, how can I say this……biker gangs, guys like that, they’re just getting full of themselves because the police or adults won’t manage them seriously…… if they were seriously doing it, like rebelling, they’d be full of holes with automatic rifles and tanks……. Or maybe, even civilians who doesn’t have guns, making traps using a piano wire on the national road, or pouring gasoline on the road and igniting it……well, they could do a lot of things」

Junpei took out a gauze from his waist, and covers Sakakibara’s mouth with it.

「And so……a large sword for show, that yankee style coming from a place where society had an easy way for you, if you do that in this cruel world……seriously, it’s a fatal mistake right」

Sakakibara’s expression that was distorted with pain, it softens very quickly.

「You……what the hell did you just do……?」

「A diluted Mandragora’s essence……and mixing that with a highly volatile alcohol, I soaked a gauze on it. It’s the best painkiller right?」

「Why……a painkiller?」

Without answering Sakakibara’s question, Junpei opened his mouth.

「Living things, it’s very important to check carefully whether or not they could win against an opponent, or whether they could rebel or defy……was it? And then…you should look down on the ones you could look down to, and exploit them to their limits……was it like that?」

“Un, Un”, nodding, Junpei said.

「I completely agree on the first partーーandーー」

A kick using his whole strength was thrown to Sakakibara’s nose who was lying on his side.

「Gu!……」

「ーーthe last part, it’s just fucking disgusting」

「You……who the hell are you really? What do you want, doing something like this…」

After a breath, Junpei said very quickly.

「Sakakibara Kazuya. Second Year of High School. His club activity is football, just barely unable to become a regular player……and then, despairing on his lack of talent……he started to intermingle with delinquent groups. Grades are just in the middle for low grades. And, as a fashion model of a magazine, a little famous……hobby is picking up girls. Has three girlfriends……was it right?」

Sakakibara’s complexion started to get blue.

Well that could not be helped, a blonde young man who he doesn’t have any memories of, knows very well about his self in Japan.

It exceeded disgust, and it was nothing other than terrifying.

「……eh?」

Suddenly, Junpei deactivated【Mimicry】.

Black hairーーblack eyes with a brown hue.

A flat shaped face similar to Sakakibara.

However, that face, it was different from the one that Sakakibara has memories of, he was extremely thinner, butーー

「And, in another world, an S-Rank Adventurer. I don’t know what happened, or why you aren’t with Kido, but right now, you’re shitty bastard who’s an errand boy of an idiotic wealthy man……am I correct?」

Sakakibara started to tremble while looking up towards Junpei who deactivated【Mimicry】……and said this with a trembling voice.

「You……Piggy……? Are you……Takeda……Takeda……Junpei?」

“Yeah”, Junpei nodded. While making a terrible smile, he says while raising his middle finger.

「Correct. I’ve come backーーfrom hell」





Chapter 5 - The Beginning Of The Revenge (Part 3)


Sakakibara whose tendons in all limbs severed, he was squirming on the ground as if a caterpillar……and all he could do is to struggle.

Looking at the side at Sakakibara lying on his side, Junpei observed the ancient three that he finished preparing.

「Well, this much is good……huh」

The thing that is coiled around the ancient tree, they were chains that he took from the cannibal village.

Just as expected of chains intended to restraint adventurers in the Interstice Labyrinth, it was not as tough as orihalcon, but its strength is pretty mcuh.

Even if it’s an S-Rank adventurer, it would be difficult for them to break through it with severed tendons.

Junpei walked towards Sakakibara who is lying on his side, roughly grabbed his hair, and dragged him towards the tree.

*BuchiBuchi*, an awful feeling could be felt on his hand. It looks like, some of the hair was pulled out together with his scalp.

「Here you go」

After making Sakakibara sit under the tree, he chains him up to the ancient tree.

“He〜……”,while doing that, Junpei let out a sigh of interest.

「Even without killing……I can steal the skill just by disabling a person huh」

Just as he said, it looks like light particles overflowed from Sakakibara’s head, then finally becoming one card.

ーー【Acceleration】

At the same time of holding that skill card, Junpei invoked, making it enter his own skill slot.

「Well, I also used Skill Hunt quite a lot, so……the proficiency increased, making it easier to use」

Next, Junpei took out a few bottles from his item box.

He aligned tens of them on the ground, and lastly, “Un”, he nodded after taking out a sprayer.

And just like that, after opening one bottle, he dropped all of its liquid contents on top of Sakakibara’s head.

「Oi……Junpei……? You……? What are you putting?」

「n? It’s vinegar」

To Junpei who answers with a casual voice, and the contents of those wordsーー”Don’t tell me……”, Sakakibara thought while having shivers through his spine.

「And, this one’s……red wine」

The red liquid falls down on top of Sakakibara’s head.

With the change of doubt to conviction, Sakakibara started to shed tears.

「Hey……stop it please? Please……just that……please don’t do that……please……?」

Hearing his voice, Junpei made a sad expression, and with hands together, Junpei bowed to Sakakibara.

「My bad……I really wanted to use honey, but, I didn’t have some……instead, I’ll use sugar water alright? What, don’t worry, I’ll increase its concentration so there wouldn’t be any problems」

「I-I’m fine with a diluted one……no, please make it diluted, please……. N-No, please……please don’t do it……please stop……please forgive me……please……」

Junpei ignored Sakakibara.

And just like that, opening numerous numbers of bottles, he poured all of it on Sakakibara.

「And so……after that……」

He put red wine, vinegar, and sugar water in the sprayer and mixed them.

「Hey, Sakakibara-kun bro……open your mouth?」

However, Sakakibara resists not uttering a word.

Towards that, Junpei took out the Cerberus’ Canine, and cuts his shoulder open.

「I’m telling you to fucking open it!」

While enduring the pain, Sakakibara opened his mouth while crying, and after he had done that, Junpei sprayed towards his mouth, not leaving a spot.

And furthermore, he puts the bottle of wine inside Sakakibara’s mouth, and made him drink at once.

And after that, vinegar, and after that, sugar water.

「……please……I’m begging you……I was mistaken……so……please……just……please don’t do this」

Junpei rolled his eyes and shrugged his shoulders.

「Even though you have done so much towards the elves up until now?」

「Demi-humans like elves, they’re different from us humans!」

「What’s different?」

「Our……our ranks where we are born! We humans defeated the elves in this world……and the hierarchy……」

Sakakibara’s words, Junpei stopped them with his hand.

「And so……following the class hierarchy in the high school……you bullied me?」

「……………that is……」

「That’s why, I’m going to make you full of insects. It’s what you call karma. Wine, vinegar, sugar water……all of them are favorites of bugs. And then, there’s also parasites here similar to a centipede right?」

There are still more than ten bottles remaining.

He spread all of those liquids in the surroundings.

「Hey, stop it……」

Junpei ignored him, and splashes out the liquids on the surroundings on next to the other.

One by one, he emptied the bottles.

「Please……I’m begging you……stop it……please……please……」

“Begging is useless……”, did he thought of that, by changing his words and tone, he did a different approach to the overlord of this place, Junpei.

「……why……why are you doing this……? We……we were classmates right?」

Junpei whispered as if to spit out.

「That……fucking ask it to Kido?」

「Kido……Kido-san……?」

“Yeah”, nodding, Junpei said.

「Compared to a cloth soaked in a cocktail of milk, garbage, and tampon that’s taken from the girl’s toilet……isn’t vinegar, wine, and sugar water, incomparably hygienic?」

Hearing that, Sakakibara shuts up, and after a while, he started begging with tears.

「Forgive me…… t-that’s right……at that time……it……it was a joke……just a joke」

「……a joke? what is?」

「Even in the class……your treatment is like, a joking material right? And so……I couldn’t go against Kido-san at all……you know」

「……」

「That’s why……」

Junpei shook his head, and stopped Sakakibara with his hand.

However, Sakakibara didn’t stop, he continued to open his mouth.

「I’m telling you, it was just a joke. I was just helping, and……I didn’t think of hurting you for rea……AGYA!」

The Cerberus’ Canine was stabbed into his thigh.

「I see. I see now……you didn’t feel like hurting me actively, with light feelings……that’s right, you……you threw me into the labyrinth with 0% chance of surviving as a joke. Because of that, your sin would be lighter…… Only Kido……that’s right……you’re saying, only Kido is the bad one. I see, that is reasonable tooーーーーーーdid you think I’d say that you dumb fuck!」

He kicked Sakakibara’s face with full strength.

*Gago!*, a dull sound echoed in the surroundings.

And there, as if to think about it for a second time, Junpei nodded.

「Well, no, don’t worry, Sakakibara. You don’t need to be so serious right? After all, what I’m doing nowーーjust like you said, it’s just a joke you know」

「……a joke?」

「That’s why, you know? I’m just joking alright? However, just like you……if you actually died because of my joke, it doesn’t have anything to do with me. What, don’t worry, don’t hold back. We’re this close right…… it’s just like at that time……when you pushed me down to the labyrinth with 0% chance of survival as a joke」

He finally understood, that whatever happens, and whatever he does, Junpei would not forgive him.

Sakakibara gave in to despair, and started shouting.

「ーーーーーーーーーAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!! FUCKING PIG! DIE YOU PIG! YOU DIE!! DIE!! DIE!! DIE!! YOU FUCK! SHIT!! TRASH!!」

Ignoring Sakakibara who is shouting, Junpei threw the all of the empty bottles in the air, and shot it with his handgun.

*Parin*, *Parin*, *Parin*, *Parin*.

A bittersweet smell that is enough to attract insects has filled the air.

While having a stiff face to that smell, “ByeBye”, Junpei waved his hand towards Sakakibara.

「This is a piece of advice from me. Both of us, we’re just joking. That’s why……to the insects……beg, tell them to stop, it’s just a joke, alright? Be treated just like small bug……be covered with bugs……and just like a bug……die you bug trash」

As if to deal a finishing touch, Junpei poured all of the vinegar, sugar, and red wine on top of Sakakibara’s head.

And turning around, Junpei waved his hands to the back.

「Good for you right? Isn’t it a great spectacle? Having insects crawling out of the stomach……and you……having that scene happening in front of you at the end of your life……isn’t that happiness?」

And lastly, he finished by saying this.

「See you later, bug trash」

「ABUYABYABUBYUBYU……BYU……HYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAーーーーーーーーーー!!」

He could hear a scream that does not seem to be coming from an intelligent organism, but Junpei would not answer to that.

After carrying the elf that was lying to her side, he started to leave that place jogging.

ーーI don’t want to make commotions, but……this time’s an exception. Legends of the dragons, or like having enmity from that great noble, or whatever……well, I’m lucky. I mean, if the situation wasn’t like that, I couldn’t have done it this fast……well, anyways, only the S-Rank adventurer dying by a mysterious death is conspicuous.

If soーー

Junpei whispered, like “YareYare”.

「I should just make it the doings of the dragons, elves or whatever……and kill everyone other than me」





Chapter 6 - The Forest Of Ancient Trees Dyed With Blood (Part 1)


Junpei has reached the base camp in the lake.

It is the base camp of the insane hunters that had spread in the lakeside.

From how it looks, the fat manーーthe source of evil, the great noble, is fishing along the waters.

After putting down on the side the female elf that he was carrying, Junpei counted the number of guards, and then checked the number of miscellaneous workers.

ーーahh, everyone’s here.

“Un”, he nodded, and Junpei jogged towards the great noble.

The noble that noticed Junpei approaching, he stood up while making a blatant expression that showed an offended expression.

「Do not come near me without permission……also, your head is too high, go on the side and bow your head you scum」

He said while shooing Junpei away.

「That’s right……your timing of bowing your head was also late before. ……damn it, these bastards from the underground guild is really of poor quality……」

And there, the noble man raised his hand.

「I do not have words to give to lowly plebeians. Although, that plebeian, that thing might also have some reason for coming to me. Go and ask him what he wants」

And then, one of his henchmen nodded, walked towards Junpei, and called out to him.

「You, if I am correct……you are the worker under Sakakibara-sama right? What is it? Is it an urgent matter?」

Junpei shook his head, then glared at the henchman without saying anything.

「……you, hurry up and bow your head……do you want to die?」

The man showed annoyance to Junpei who wouldn’t bow his head even though the great noble has commanded.

Even more to that, this Junpei is glaring at the bodyguard that is also the representative of the noble, showing a defiant attitude.

And the noble who noticed that opened his mouth lazily.

「……discipline him. What, do not worry, we are outside the city. There is no problem with having a missing person……you can kill him. At the worst case, I will make it that it never happened……this is too unpleasant」

Receiving those words, “yeah”, Junpei nodded.

「Unpleasant you say, I completely agreeーー【Acceleration】」

ーーthe “chore” ended in an instant.

And Junpei, he slowly walked towards the noble.

「……what are you doing? You underground guild trash……?」

When he stopped walking in front of the noble, Junpei throws a fist with a wide swing.

「……?」

The noble made a clueless expression.

What was going to happenーーit was a situation as clear as the day, but even so, the noble man couldn’t understand it as reality.

He could not be blamed, after all, he has never been hit even by his father.

He was doted on as a protected son, he was carefully raised, he was arrogant and impudent even after becoming an adult, and at last, he was like this.

ーー*Meshiri*.

The sound of his nose getting crushed. Junpei could feel the nose blood of the noble dripping down from his fist.

*Zushiiiin*……, he was hit down to the ground with his limbs spread out.

A silence for a while.

And finally, while his limbs stretched out on the ground, the noble man shouted to the sky with a huge voice.

「ーーーーーkill! Kill him! Everybody, attack! Kill him whatever it costs! I will payーーI will pay you whatever you want!! Just kill him!」

His orders are something that should absolutely be followed, and as a fact, there was no case that it did not come true.

That’s right, in his life up until now, everything he was resolved by money and authority.

His grandfather is the Sacred Emperor two generations before, and his uncle is the current Sacred Emperor.

By having that noble bloodーーhe was assured.

He was assured that after several ten seconds, Junpei’s appearance of being attacked and hacked, that a bloody Junpei would be crawling on the ground.

After all, there is nothing in this world that would not go according to his way.

Howeverーーthere, he finally felt dubious, narrowing his eyes.

No matter how much time passes, the surroundings were still quiet.

He could not hear the footsteps and the breath of his henchmen that would pounce towards Junpei.

“What’s happening”, he thought, and raised his body.

And, he lost his words.

「Everybody, attack, you say…… you……who are you ordering?」

The smell of blood and death.

Everywhere was dyed with blood.

And the number of those pools of blood, was equal to the number of people that was here.

Meaning, his henchmen’s necks were sliced open without making a sound, and perished.

「If I just wanted to kill them, I didn’t need to use the skill, but……if I wanted to not make any sound, I needed to use it after all huh. I mean, how overwhelming is this skillーー【Acceleration】」

The noble lost his words, and unable to calm down, he could only panic.

The young man in front of him does not have awe or respect to the great noble who is himself. Eyes that are inorganic, gaze that it was as if, he was looking at a pebble on the road……that kind of person, he has never met one since the day he was born.

On top of that, he had lost his henchmen, and currently unguarded.

With a voice nearing to a scream, the noble exhilarated.

「Y-Y-You……do……doing this to me, do you think you can get away with it?」

「What do you mean by, I cannot get away with it?」

Did he think it was good enough for a foothold for a negotiation, the noble made a sly smile.

「Everyone that you defeated are only C-Rank adventurers and below…… such a lowly person like you, not mentioning Sakakibara……you cannot even be a match for an A-Rank adventurer, the monk Madiel」

「Ahh, is that so……」

「Damn it……if Madiel was only here……if Madiel was here, someone like you…… why……I should have ordered him to guard the surroundings……Madiel……where……where are you……」

And there, Junpei took out his item box, and mischievously laughed.

「Is this what you are searching for?」

*Potori*, a circular thing fell and rolled on the ground.

ーーit was a bald man’s severed head.

The noble man immediately looked away from the severed head with white eyes.

「Madiel……!! Hii!……hii!………hiiiiーーーー!!!」

Half-crazed, he started to run away from that place four footed.

It was similar to what he have done to lowly beings below of him, actions especially towards demi-humans, that isーー

ーーan overwhelming violence. And, an overwhelming mercilessness.

These two, is just about to fall down on him.

And mercy and considerationーーhe has never given those to elves.

That is why, he knows. The man right in front of himーーhe will not have mercy or any consideration towards him.

「Sa! Sa!……Sakakibara!! What are……what are you doing right nowーーーーー!!!!! You’re, you’re……you’re the only one I can rely on!!!!!!!!」

He screamed and shouted “Sakakibara, Sakakibara” crazily.

And then, Junpei took out something from his item box, and threw it in front of the noble who was crawling on fours.

「Is this what you’re searching for? Well, unfortunately……his tendons on his limbs are severed right now, and because of some circumstances, he is currently tied in a certain place……really, I could only take back a piece of him」

ーーa finger.

It is not like there isn’t the possibility of it being another man’s finger. However, for some reason, the noble man was sure. That, that finger was none other than Sakakibara Kazuya’s finger.

「Aaa……aa……aa………」

The noble man has easily accepted that there were no lies on Junpei’s words.

And finally, finally he understood, in this place, he has no allies, he does not have anyone who would save him.

And then, he curled up holding his head, he started to whisper deliriously.

「I……I am the cousin of the Sacred Emperor……one who has the bloodline……extending through a thousand years……」

「Ahh, come to think of it, you were a great noble huh?」

「The overwhelming contribution that our family’s blood kin has given to mankind……science, agriculture, commerce, all of that, all of that are done under the protection of our Sacred Empire……this merit! This achievement……! What that means, do you know?」

The man stood up, and continued with bloodshot eyes.

「That is why, I amーーa lowly plebeian like you, you can neverーーyou shall not touch me!!」

*Pan!*, a dry shooting sound.

「I’m JapaneseーーI don’t give a fucking shit about that」

Junpei spat out towards the fat man that released a blood fountain from the middle of his eyebrows.

「I mean, having a royalty like this……dystopia isn’t enough to describe it. In the first place, if you guys weren’t the ones governing, there probably would’ve been rifle guns invented at least, and the civilization would have advanced……the stage of the sword and magic, it probably ended already, I think? And after that, a steampunk and magic world, I feel like it would’ve advanced to something like that……well, that doesn’t matter though」

And from there, after a whileーー

When the scent of blood has started to seep into the surroundings, and sharp-sighted flies and crows started to pick at the corpses, the female elf woke up.

Does she feel pain from somewhere on her body, she raised her upper body while showing pain on her face.

「……?」

She looked around, and her eyes widened. She took a breath, unable to find words, and coughed.

「You woke up?」

Junpei took out a cup with water in it from his item box, and reaches it out to her.

「What happened here……?」

Leaving a moment’s pause, Junpei opened his mouth.

「The earth dragon, comes out around here right?」

「According to legends……no, I have……also seen it personally……around 200 years ago. That was……it was a splendid ancient dragon with a shining gold color……」

「And so, that’s the elves’ god of protection right?」

Hearing up to that, the female elf started to have tears falling from her eyes.

「……don’t……tell……me?」

「That’s right……it was a massacre」

「Massacre……?」

「Yeah, high ranked dragons, they can turn into humans right? Actually, the one who came, I saw it in human form……even so, I’m absolutely sure that it wasn’t human……those movements, they aren’t something that could be done by humans you know?」

「Dragon-sama……. I see……finally……Dragon-sama……those evil humans……with its fangs……」

The female felt very moved, but she immediately stood up, jumps back, taking distance from Junpei.

「……if Dragon-sama has come out, why, are you alive?」

「Originally, well, I really didn’t want to do this job」

「You didn’t want……?」

「I was troubled, didn’t have enough for food, so, helplessly……I was only a helper」

“Hmph”, she snorted, the female elf glared at Junpei.

「Show some evidence……. you are a human……no, an intelligent orc. You cursed race……destroying our villages, torturing me……trying to rule our heart」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders, rolled his eyes and smiled.

「Show some evidence, even if you say that……. I carried you to a safe place, and looked after you on the side without restraining you……there’s also the possibility that, you’d kill me while I’m off guard you know? I could only say that……believe me for that reason」

Thinking for a while, the female elf shook her head.

「That’s right too. I said too much……forgive me」

「Well, because of having no hostility towards the elves……I think I was overlooked by the earth dragon?」

“I see……”, the female elf took a look at the clothes that she is wearing.

「You were soaked in blood and your clothes were in tatters after all……. I searched inside their tents and cottages, but that’s the only decent thing for girls」

「……」

The female elf approached Junpei without saying anything, and took the clothes that were laid on his side, the ones she was wearing before.

「……can you return by yourself?」

To Junpei’s words, she thought for a while, and the female elf answered like this.

「I can return by myself. But……come with me」

Narrowing his eyebrows, Junpei asked.

「Come with you?」

“Yes”, nodding, the female said.

「The elves, unlike you humans, we will not forget our gratitude. My village was annihilated just a few days ago. My custody, it is given to several settlements right now……and, the corpses from my previous settlement are also collected there. Their burial, it has not been done properly yet」

「……?」

She narrows his eyebrows, as if she was in anguish.

And, she shook her head and said.

「……liver……you need it right? They are just, going to get buried or incinerated in the end. I will guide you to the settlement I am living on right now, introducing you as my benefactor. After that……we will not say anything about whatever you would do in a place that we cannot see」

“Follow me”, she gestured with her head, and the female elf started walking.

And obeying that, Junpei followed from behind.





Chapter 6 - The Forest Of Ancient Trees Dyed With Blood (Part 2)


An hour away walking towards the forest from the base camp on the lake.

The depth of the forest increased, and the path they are walking to became more liken to an animal’s trail.

And by advancing, the visibility became darker, but at the same time, it would feel like the green that shows pureness becomes denser.

The female elf who leads the way with familiar steps lets out a sigh of amazement to Junpei who could follow her without difficulty.

「To think that a human like you……can walk through the forest path with ease……honestly, I’m surprised」

「Well, I can say that I’m confident with my evasion efficiency stats」

“Hmm…”, the female elf places a hand on her chin, and made an ambiguous expression of being persuaded or not.

And, at that timeーーthe field of vision suddenly cleared.

「This, how amazing……」

「Is it your first time seeing an elf village?」

Rather than describing it as a settlementーーit would be better to call it as just a forest.

There are no signs of land cultivation or reclamation at all.

Rooms that are made by utilizing the holes open in giant trees, or floors that are dexterously made by tying up thick branches with ropes.

It could be seen from far away that the furniture is made out of the effective utilization of soil, dry branches and leaves.

It could be described as, well, the ultimate eco or something……

「I see…… this is the elf’s……no, the demi-human’s……huh……」

「Is something the matter?」

「No, it’s just……how can I say this, we……our appearance, you can say that they’re very similar, but our culture is completely different……I just thought of that. We don’t have the idea of……making a village in this kind of shape」

The female elf said as if to spit out.

「Of course. You damn humans ignore the equality of nature……you only use the power of fire. With that kind of culture, it would damage the environment itself, creating torn seams is inevitable. Our principleーーit is to use Fire・Earth・Water・Wind. We will never understand each other」

「…………that might be so」

“Even between humans, when disputes caused by difference with culture or religion……when the scale becomes large, it would start wars.

If it’s between humans and demi-humans, the difference would be so much……”, and there, Junpei stopped thinking.

Nothing can be done even if he thought of it.

And on the side of that Junpei, the female elf took out a long and narrow thing that is about 5cm long from her waist.

「……that is?」

「It’s a flute. I will call all the elf in this village right now, and let them meet you. You can be called as my benefactor after all……a banquet should be opened, and you will be welcomed」

「……and then?」

「I’ll tell you the place of the corpses later. While everyone’s drunkーーyou should take the least needed liver, and disappear to wherever you want to go」

「Got it」

「……and also, to be sure, bow your head. You are a human, and this is the elf’s village. You can understand that a spur of the moment could connect to killing right?」

Junpei obediently followed, kneeled one leg, and bowed his head.

Pyuーーiーーーiiーー.

A few minutes of waiting after the woman blew her flute.

He cannot confirm it with his eyes because he is bowing his head, but the presences that surrounded Junpei increased one by one.

And another few several minutes of waiting.

The female elf finally urged Junpei to raise his head.

There are about 50 elves surrounding him.

And in front of Junpei, a robust man who looks to be in his forties that seem to be their chieftain was standing firmly.

「And so……princess of the Sakuri Clan……Anyus. What kind of situation is this? Why did you bring a human in our Maneri Village?」

The female elf called Anyus nodded and opened her mouth.

「As you know, by myself……I did a surprise attack to that pig called human great noble」

「Since you have returned……you have succeeded? And is that one your captive? Honestly, I’m surprised……everyone thought that your fight for revenge would fail……」

“No”, Anyus shook her head.

「I have failed. I have completely failed, became captive, and received terrible tortures」

“Hmm……”, the chieftain tilted his head.

「However, you have returned here」

「Yes, that is right. I have lost my consciousness so I do not remember, but……the anger of Dragon-samaーーthe humans have incurred it. However, I have seen the result……they were annihilated」

「Dragon-sama’s anger……huh. The last of it is 50 years ago…… this is very hard to believe, but……the sins of those humansーーthey have outreached their selves, they stepped into the holy land without prayers huh……well, I am now convinced」

The chieftain who says that glares at Junpei.

「This one is?」

「He is my……benefactor. He saved me when Dragon-sama have raged」

「And then, what should be the punishment for this one?」

「I think that……beheading his head to display should be adequate」

The chieftain furrowed his eyebrows to Anyus’s words.

「You mean……not beheading his head to display after throwing him to a horde of orcs in heat?」

“Yes”, Anyus nodded.

「We are different from humans, we do not forget our debt of gratitude. And, our proud race shall never forget the humiliation that we receivedーーin the offset of the sin of all the humans and this one’s merits……I believe that beheading his head for display is adequate」

After thinking for a while, the chieftain made a big nodded, then faced Junpei.

「……as you heard. If you would be obedient, we shall kill you without pain」

Junpei stood up, and looked at Anyus.

「What does this mean?」

Anyus looked away from Junpei, and making a face with guilt, she opened her mouth.

「……there are elves who were eaten while still alive. There are elves that are violated. Many of my race……they are killed. The roots are deep. The hatred is also deep. It is impossible to fix it」

「I did not eat them and I did not violate them though?」

「Some people needs to take responsibility. Our sour heart needs to be calmed down. And you are a human……give up, just think that you were unlucky」

A deepーーa very deep sigh.

Their deep anger, sadness, and hatred.

I could understand very well, why did it become like this, I really doーーbut.

「Haha!……hahaha……! Hahahahahaha!! This girl……you’re ridiculous! Hahahahaaha!ahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahah!!」

Junpei laughed out loud while holding his stomach.

However, his eyes does not show life. Its colors were completely the same with that of a dead fish.

“Goddamnit”, he raised his foot, and released his emotions while stomping on the ground.

「Hey……why did it became like that? Why, why huh! Hey, tell me?! Kido, Noriko, even themーーand it’s also the same with youーーwhy are you like that? Why, why? Why are you soーーstupid?」

His words ended.

And, at the same timeーー

He took out his handgun from his waist in a blink of an eye, and shot with godly speed.

*Pan!*, a dry sound echoed.

ーー*Dosari*, the sound of the chieftain falling down.

And after that, Junpei shot several bullets to the sky.

「I have already killed one, but……this is the last warning. I won’t chase after those who run, butーーI will welcome all of those who wants to come……however, I’m quite strong you know?」

Anyus’s face was dyed with surprise.

「Don’t tell me……it was not Dragon-sama who annihilated the humans……but you……」

At the middle of her words, Anyus’s shook her head.

「ーーno, either way……it does not matter. We are elves, and you are……a human」

Not one of the elves pulled back, they surrounded Junpei, slowly closing the distance between them.

「I see. Everyone’s in huhーー. Damn it, really, you can’t be saved……you are all……stupid, to the point that you cannot be saved……」

However, realizing something, Junpei smiled deprecatingly.

「ーーall of you can’t be saved……and……I also……」

Andーーthe elf village was dyed in blood.

▼▼▼

Horizons as far as the eye can see.

For about forty kilometers from the crater in the center, the bare ground that continues very far away.

The aftermath of the battle between dragon species, it still continues to scatter dense curses to the land, no living things, not even one grass from the center of the ancient forest cannot live.

ーーand.

The Fire Dragon breathed nuclear heat, the Earth Dragon calls out magma from the core, and within that center where they have fought fiercely, as a fact, the dragons still exist.

Its name, Earth Dragon Charlings.

“The final showdown between the Fire Dragon and the Earth Dragon, it is not written as a fact in the history, but they say that Charlings lives, and the Fire Dragon has not been seen since then. And from there, it can easily be imagined that……” the majority of the scholars thinks so.

However, according to the hypothesis that is written in the books, it does not seem that the Earth Dragon Charlings have completely won.

And the reason for that is, it is said that its movements were limited to the ancient forest due to the curse barrier left by the Fire Dragon.

Because of that, the human race who fears the dragon species do not cultivate the forest, instead, the elves who are on the brink of extinction have slowly increased their powersーーand that hypothesis, it is not that far away from the truth.

In the center part of the crater.

The wind that blows sways the girl’s red hair that reaches down to her waist.

Her appearance, in age, she looks like she is in her early teens.

Snow white skin that is shown without a single thread of clothes. And red eyes. Her cold expression somewhat resembles that of a doll puppet.

The place where she is sitting on is the tail of a golden colored dragon with the height of 10 meters and length of 40 meters.

The dragon who is laying down is quietly sleepingーーit has probably not moved from that position for a long timeーーits body is covered with dust.

The girl asked the golden dragon expressionlessly and with a voice without excitement.

「Hey, Charlings? It looks like one of the elf villages was destroyed」

「It doesn’t matter……as long as they do not step inside my sacred grounds……as long as they do not enter my place of slumber……it does not……it really……does not matter」

It slightly opened one of its eyes, but the dragon immediately closes it.

「It looks like it doesn’t not matter」

The dragon who troublesomely opened its eyes once again suddenly turns its consciousness towards the whole forest.

「……it’s true……a foreign matter on the level that we cannot ignore have entered the forest」

「This foreign matter. It isn’t of this world right」

「Exceeds level 1000……I see, is he a wanderer of that labyrinth? Really……the side of the rulers of the humans should not come here right……on top of that, this boy……he is caught by a rare……by a very rare and mysterious karma」

“On top of that”, it continued.

「It looks like he is rampaging as he wants to. He does not understand……what kind of existence he is right now」

「This is just my guess. I think that this guy, he still doesn’t know anything at all」

「……do you really believe such a ridiculous thing? Even after, exceeding level 1000……」

After thinking for a while, the red-haired girl looked up to the sky.

「He has exceeded level 1000, but he still does not have a job. The status increase with each level is still 5」

「That means……?」

「Harassment by that shota god. Or maybe he’s playing around. I cannot think of anything other than that」

「Fuu……this is really……to have no job……in the battle for survival that would decide the next generation……. even with the prerequisite of being a skill hunter……this is too……」

The red-haired girl stood up, and with an expressionless face, she asked the earth dragon.

「What should we do? Charlings?」

「I am a dragon. Unlike that one……that sinful and full of desire wanderer of the labyrinth, I have already discarded the process of evolution. That is why, inevitably, or ineluctably……I am one who lives in time infinity, unbounded by the infinite prison……」

「I am not asking about that. I am asking what would we do」

「My wish is for a relaxed stream of timeーーand peaceful slumber」

「That is the same with me. That is why, quickly disposal of things with the possibility of disturbing our peaceful slumber is needed. If not disposing of, checking if there is any danger is also needed」

「Ahh……that is right. However, Flame Dragon Empress Balfnaught……? Because of the curse that you created back then, I cannot go out」

「That is the same for me. Because of the too much power that I used that time, not mentioning going out, I cannot even maintain my dragon appearance」

「Hey, you……?」

「What?」

「Being unable to get out……because of the barrier that you created yourself……you, have anyone ever said that you’re an idiot?」

She became silent for a while, and the girl said with a cold voice.

「I do, quite a lot. Mostly by you」

After letting out a deep sigh, the Earth Dragon stood up.

「Well then, shall we do “that” after a long time? What should we use as a base?」

The red-haired girl nodded, and said.

「It’s the outside world. It’s going to be moving within the world of humans. Of course, the base should be me」

“Umu”, nodding, the dragon of earth roared. The ground shook, and the air created waves. And with a flashing light, the earth dragon changed into light particles.

On the other hand, the red-haired girl raised her left hand to the sky. And after that, the earth dragon’s light was absorbed in the girl’s palm.

After the light had disappeared, there was a girl with flaming red hair and golden eyes standing there.

「FufuーーWell……Earthfire Dragon, Charnaught, I could say」

“Well then……”, she gripped her fist.

「Hmm……being naked, isn’t good huh……」

She made a huge nod and at the same time, a see-through bustier was created on her stark body, and in addition to that, a thin cloak appeared.

「With this, it should be possible to get through the barrier……I think. ーーhowever, B-Rank adventurer selection exam huh……the connections with the human race’s imperial family, does it still exist……?」

The girl started to walk through the dead earth, towards the ancient forest.





Chapter 7 - B-Rank Adventurers Selection Exam (Part 1)


Ten days after finishing the quest in the ancient forestーーin the counter inside the adventurer’s guild.

Junpei shows the proof of identity that he got from the underground guild on the table counter.

「……I want to register as an adventurer, and request to join the B-Rank selection exam」

A receptionist lady with a small chest and flax hair color made a smile after confirming Junpei.

「Ahh, it’s you huh〜…… you know〜……I……I have been interested in you quite a bit」

「Interested?」

「The receptionist lady wearing glasses before……she has quite a bad〜, part-time job you know〜?」

*Pikuri*, Junpei’s ear moved.

「……so?」

「And, for some reason, she’s been missing since she has met you……. Well, a female elf living in a town, although money could guarantee her identity, it’s quite common to get caught in an accident……well, you could really say that it’s a common thing if you want」

The woman took out a book from the table drawer below.

「And then……surprise!〜 here’s a report that I got with quite a bad〜 way……it’s from the underground guild you know〜?」

「……」

「I read it, but, you……you’re quite ridiculous?」

Since earlier, Junpei has not changed his expression.

He had maintained a perfect poker face with the【Mimicry】skill.

「Ridiculous?」

「A group with the cousin of the Sacred Emperor……including an S-Rank adventurer, they were all annihilated during the elf hunt in the ancient forest after an attack of the dragon species. And the only survivor of that……is you, right?」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders and said.

「Yeah, I was very lucky. It’s the same with the liver, they were already hunted, gathered, and reserved by the noble-sama, so it was just a baggage carrying job to the underground guild」

The woman with flax hair color giggles, she laughed joyfully.

「Oh my, see how shameless you are, you really have guts saying that huh〜. Onee-san, honestly……she’s quite surprised you know?」

「……what is it with you since earlier, what do you want to say?」

“Un”, she nodded, the woman said.

「It’s not like I want to report you to the city guards or something. So you can be relieved with that……I mean, you’re going to take it huh? The B-Rank adventurer selection exam」

「Didn’t I say that from the beginning」

Once again, the woman opened the drawer, and took out a piece of paper from there.

「This is the exam’s outline. The scheduled date, well, around ten days I think」

Skimming through the paper, Junpei made a frowning face.

「Outline you say……all that’s written here is the map to the examination place. What the heck is this」

「It’s because, you don’t need to know anything. The only things you need to know, is the date, the place, and this, that’s it」

The woman with flax hair color took another piece of paper, and placed it on the counter table.

Junpei who looked through the paper raised both his hands to the annoyance.

「Pledge letter……huh」

「Right. It just says……you shouldn’t have claims if you die or something, well, that’s not all though」

「You mean by that is?」

「In short……well, the possession of the body shall be given to the guild, I guess?」

To those words, Junpei thought rolling his eyes weren’t enough for that, so he made a wry smile.

「……oi, that is……?」

「Well, I can just say, since elven liver could be sold, human liver also, yup, it’s just that」

Junpei spat out after clicking his tongue.

「……damn it really, both the surface and the underground, all of it’s full of shit. Oi, lend me your pen」

「Ara, you didn’t get frightened huh? Most of the people who wants to take the test, after receiving this threat……well, with their lacking brains……they would think about a lot of things though〜」

After receiving the pen, Junpei signed the papers.

「Well then, I’ll confirm it, it should be 3 days after, in the place in this map right?」

「Yes, that’s right〜. Well then, I’ll be waiting for you on-site okay」

「Oi, waiting you say……what do you mean by that?」

And there, finding the answer to his own question, Junpei places a fist on his palm.

「Ahh, I see, you’re saying, you’ll be cheering for me as a receptionist on the examination grounds……is that it?」

Making a mischievous smile, the woman tilted her head.

「Well, you should just look forward thereーーon what kind of situation I would have with you……I guess?」

「Honestly, I want to say “no thanks”. I have enough of troubles……I don’t want to get involved with troublesome guys more than this」

「Ara, you’re so snobbish……well, I mean, how about we go for a meal right now? Onee-san’s about to finish working, so there’s no problem?」

「Who’d go with you……and, so, excuse me then」

Junpei quickly turned around, and went towards the door.

And while looking at his back going away, the woman with flax-colored hair licked her lips.

「Oh my, I was turned down……well, whatever」

And she took another piece of paper from under the table.

「A special pen-shaped status gauge. It’s quite expensive you know……hmm, his status……a very normal, average D-Rank adventurer……」

The woman continued joyfully while laughing.

「I will surely……uncover your identity okay? Darling?」

▼▼▼

The human race in this world, they are divided by three powers.

One is the Holy Church of which the Sacred Empire supports. The Holy Church, being the world’s religion, the Sacred Empire sphere of influence is the most powerful by a lot.

And following that, the coalition of kingdoms where although the national religion is the Holy Church’s, the church’s control is comparatively lower.

This sphere of influence is second to the Sacred Empire.

And the third, the coalition of countries where the main religion is not the Holy Churchーーthis could be called the Manacuth Union.

The Manacuth Union, their ethnicity are different, and their religions are also different. They are the genuine mish-mash third sphere of influence, and up until recently, they did not have the right to speak in the international politics.

However, in recent years, the different ethnicities and different religions created an iron pact, their powers increased just like a growing bamboo.

And the country that became its center, it is the Manacuth Empire that once ruled over 60% of the continent.

The Manacuth Empire’s territories have decreased by a lot together with the Sacred Empire’s increase in power, but two generations agoーーin the appearance of the emperor called Martial Light Emperor, they have put together the neighboring countries very quickly, and once again appeared in the international society as the head of the third power.

ーーthe scene is, in the capital of Manacuth Empire, Brunsel.

In the great hall of the imperial palace, that has the size of a national gymnasium in modern Japan.

A party with a buffet is being held, dishes and alcohol that shows luxury are being lined up.

Fat nobles wore glamorous clothes, and they are making plans that are not good at all in the guise of pleasant talks.

The difference from it being a common noble high society, is that the clothes the attendees wore have no uniformity.

This is a scene that could only be seen in the Manacuth Union that has different ethnicities and religions.

And, there, the nobles halted their pleasant talks, the hall was filled with silence.

The place where all of them are looking towards to.

On the stage in the front of the venue, a man wearing clothes full of gold and gemstones from top to bottomーーthe current Light Martial Emperor took a deep breath, he was just about to speak.

「Everyone! We, the Manacuth Union is currently being shunned by the international society, we are being looked down upon on, and we are receiving disadvantages starting from the unfair treaties we signed on!」

All of them became silent. In the great hall, a low voice echoed clearly.

「Sacred Empire, and coalition of the kingdoms……to those whose master is the Holy Religion, we have named ourselves as an independent nation, but in fact, we are treated nearly as vassals……! Why, why do we need to receive the short end of the stick?」

Taking a deep breath, the Light Martial Emperor’s voice was filled with held back anger.

「ーーーーーーーーーーstrength! It’s because, we do not have enough strength!!」

He continues as if to scream.

「Wealth!! Farmlands!! Hunting grounds!! Fishing grounds!! Mines!! All of them, we lack!! Our national strength isn’t enough!! That is whyーーour fighting strength is not enough!」

Everyone who was in the venue held their breath.

Nominally, it is the assembly within the Manacuth Union, but who knows if the Sacred Empire has sent spies.

In other words, the speech, while it shows antagonism towards the Holy Church’s side of powers, its contents could also be taken as a declaration of war.

「They……they created a system where they would squeeze out what we have as much as they want! If soーーwhat do we need to do? Should we continue to spend our days being extorted like this?!」

Shaking his head fiercely, the Light Marital Emperor shouted while raising his middle finger.

「ーーーthe answer is NO! It is no!」

“Ohh……”, voices of approval were raised from the corner of the venue.

「There are many things that the Sacred Empire has, and that we do not have. That is why, we do not have enough strength. If so, what should we do?」

Nodding hugely, the Light Martial Emperor continued.

「Something that only we have, and the Sacred Empire does not haveーーwe only need to create it!!」

Pausing for a moment, *Pan*, he sounded his palm, and slowly opens his arms wide.

「ーーancient civilization!! The human race’s lost wisdom! The countless forbidden techniques! In short, the dragon species, to the the region they controlーーーーーto the forbidden land!! We shall advance forward!! Wealth!! Power!! Strengthーーeverything is in there!!」

Cheers were raised from everywhere inside the venue, and in some places, worried voices were also whispered.

「There should be ones who are worried within you. However, I want to ask you. Since ancient times, the dragon species are called as the ultimate organism that overwhelms every other living thingーーbut, is that really true?!」

Everyone held on to their breath, they watched every move the Light Martial Emperor did.

「Since time immemorial, it has been said that countries shall be destroyed once they touched the dragon species’ reverse scaleーーbut, is that really true?!」

Exaggerated gestures, loud voice that passes on clearly.

Expressions that shows extreme emotions, it changes freely together with the intonations of his words.

「In the history up until now, there are only countable numbers of S-Rank adventurers who have challenged the dragon species……within the long history, curious adventurers, by themselves…… and including that, there are only some」

Everyone in there were already drunk to the speech the Light Martial Emperor did.

Compared to the most of the attendees who have, frankly speaking, have only ruled barbarians, the bloodline of the Light Martial Emperor is that of the ruler that once controlled 60% of the continent.

The Light Martial Emperor who has been taught about the importance of speeches and the art of brainwashing since he was a child, he has no errors.

「As the history shows, the whole humanity has treated the dragon species as a fragile glass up until now. As if to cover up something that smells…… not noting the fact that the resources exist there……they have never seriously tried to annihilate them……that is all that there is!!」

Breathing in a deep breath, the Light Martial Emperor shouted with the loudest voice up until now.

「And because of that, this time, I decided to request a group of our highly respected S-Rank adventurers to investigate! Comeーー!」

The Light Martial Emperor called out towards the side of the stage. Receiving that call, one man appeared on top of the stage.

「The continent’s number one swordsmanーーSword Emperor Cagnas!!」

*Gachari*, *Gachari*, the man in his prime wearing a platinum armor.

Is he a very popular guy, or a famous person, everyone raised cheers like huge waves.

And after the man bowed his head to everyone in the middle of the stage, he goes behind the Light Martial Emperor.

「The UndefeatedーーSamurai Mifune!!」

It was lesser that earlier, but still, cheers rained.

The one who appeared was a one-eyed man wearing an eyepatch, clad in Japanese armor.

That guy who seems to be around thirty did not bow towards the audience, he just made a fearless smile.

And after that, he went behind the Emperor’s backーーon the left side of Sword Emperor Cagnas.

「The Torrent of DeathーーNecromancer Martina!」

When an old man clad in a black-colored robe appeared, screams echoed throughout the great hall.

Thinking of his infamy and evil deeds that he did, it was a natural reaction.

There are even people who try to run away from the venue. Was the noisy venue became unpleasant even for him, the necromancer raised a brow and at the same time, raised his staff forward.

However, in an instant, the Sword Emperor Cagnas puts a blade on the necromancer’s neck, and the Samurai Mifune placed the edge of his sword on the back of the necromancerーーthe edge was pointing towards his heart.

“Hmph”, the necromancer scoffed, and seeing that, the sword saint and the samurai sheathed their swords, and the three stood obediently behind the Light Martial Emperor.

And even after that, other than a beautiful blonde haired woman who is in middle twenties the「Right hand of healing and left hand of destructionーーthe Great Sage Nabuna」, famous S-Ranked adventurers appeared one next to the other, and each time, cheers rained.

-Thousand Killer Berserker

-Dark Knight of the Tempest

-The Iron Wall Holy Knight famous with the other name of Diamond Giant etc

After a total of ten of them being introduced, the Light Martial Emperor nodded with satisfaction.

「The ones that I gathered, five of them are counted as the ones at the top within the S-Rank adventurers, and although they are not up to par with them, the other five are skilled S-Rank adventurers!」

Within the thundering claps, the Light Martial Emperor continued.

「The opponent is not a coalition of countries……it is nothing but one living thing!! Is there a living thing that these 10 cannot defeatーー? No! The answer is no! I shall declare that it is no!」

The venue reached its peak voltage, and a rhythmical call for Light Martial Emperor and Manacuth Union started.

「Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!!」

「Manacuth!! Manacuth!! Manacuth!! 」

「Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!!」

「Manacuth!! Manacuth!! Manacuth!! 」

「Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!!」

「Manacuth!! Manacuth!! Manacuth!! 」

Was he affected by that, the Light Martial Emperor reached out both of his hands and shouted.

「Infinite Glory to our Union!! Praise it! Celebrate our name! Celebrate it!! Praise Manacuth! And praise and celebrate! Our Union!!」

Incited, everyone in the venue shouted with screams.

「Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!!」

「Manacuth!! Manacuth!! Manacuth!! 」

「Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!!」

「Manacuth!! Manacuth!! Manacuth!! 」

「Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!! Light Martial Emperor!!」

「Manacuth!! Manacuth!! Manacuth!! 」

In the venue that almost became a revelry, the first ones who noticed were two.

ーーSword Emperor Cagnas and Samurai Mifune.

And after a few instant, the other S-Rank adventurers sensed that presence, each of them placed their hands on their weapons, making a fighting stance.

When they have readied themselves, Cagnas had already jumped towards the stage wing holding the Light Martial Emperor, and Mifune had advanced towards the intruder.

And there, finally, the civilians have noticed the change in the stage.

ーーin the place where the Light Martial Emperor was standing an instant before, a man with a waxed long hair that has the color of gold and silver mixed between, wearing black suits and purple inner shirt with flower designs. Several pierced earrings on his ears.

Black suits.

Thinking that this world’s theme is a middle-aged fantasy, they were clothes that were completely out of place.

If it was in Shinjuku Kabukicho in Tokyo, it might have fitted in, but……

Anyways, when Cagnas and Mifune have noticed an instant before, he was already in a place 50cm away from the Emperor.

And even those two fell in panic in an instant, but, they are seasoned heroes.

Cagnas moved thinking of the Light Martial Emperor’s safety first, and Mifune immediately moved to a place where he could attack the man. And, in the instant that he confirmed that the Light Martial Emperor was evacuated to the stage wingーーMifune attacked the man wearing black suits.

ーーLightning God’s Slash.

Throwing away all of the defenses, the first move of the battle that assures victory with godly speedーーthe one-hit-one-kill undefeated skill activates.

But, in the next instant, the man in black suits annoyingly waved his hand.

And then, *Bechari*, a ridiculous sound echoed.

When they have noticed, there was the Samurai Mifune with a crushed nose convulsing on top of the stage.

The attendees in the venue, they could not understand at all what in the world happened in that instant.

And faster that everyone understood, the man in black suits said.

「Ah〜, sorry although you’re just getting fired up……I am, well〜, I was sent by my master to tell you〜, don’t put your hands on those dragon species〜…… everyone, this is really hard to say……since you’ve all gathered here……」

No one in the other S-Rank Adventurers moved.

No, they can’t move.

That legendary samurai that has said to slice into half anythingーーMifune. He is currently convulsing on top of the stage as if he is a dying cockroach, he was unable to do anything.

The reward for him this time……every other S-Rank adventurer knows that it was to fight the number one swordsman of the continent Cagnas……and they know that Cagnas also agreed on the condition that it was after the dragon species investigation.

“If Cagnas and Mifune are going to join, maybe, even if it’s a dragon species, even if defeating it would be impossible, it shouldn’t be a one-sided massacre. If so, at the least, our lives would be protected……”, there were some of them who have joined because of that. And there were also ones who thought, “Maybe we can see the serious fight between the human’s greatest warriors closely……”.

However, right nowーーthat Mifune, he is in a “dying cockroach” situation on the top of the stage.

Within everyone who was scared out of their wits, the only one who moved was the Sword Emperor Cagnas who have sent the Light Martial Emperor safely to the stage wing.

He slowly walked out from the stage wing, and ordered the other adventurers while pulling out the platinum sword from his back.

「Mifune was defeated with one hit……most probably, I wouldn’t be able to win as well. However, I should be able to stop him on his feet……the other guys are on the way. Go down the stage. And the ones who wants to be called as cowards, you should just run away. The ones who doesn’t want to be called as cowards……go escort the nobles out of here」

“Fuu”, letting out a sigh, Cagnas asked the man in black suits.

「And then……you are wearing some weird clothes, but……who in the world are you?」

「Harada Ryouichi……well, I’m in the group that wants to clear the labyrinth……oh, I don’t think you understand though, huh?」

“Ahh”, and there, Cagnas nodded understanding the point.

「Dragon species and Interstice Labyrinth……huh. And, this might be something different, but……well, just listen, my elder sister is a very skilled fortune teller」

“He〜”, the man who named himself Harada whistled.

「The labyrinth……you know it huh? And so……fortune telling huh, I also know a lot about it you know? After all, a long time ago, I have worked in night entertainment for women……women, you know, they’re stupid so they really like fortune telling right〜……」

“And so……”, Cagnas continued.

「Dragon species and the labyrinth……she told me don’t get anything that has to do with it……since I have the worst compatibility to both of them……but, well……I didn’t think that it would come true……」

“Un”, Harada nodded.

「The amazing things with fortune telling is that, well, they are sometimes correct……I really wonder why?」

「……what are you going to do from now on?」

「Well, let me think〜……I have come to negotiate, or should I say……well, threaten you guys〜……and so, I’m thinking of making you, who seems to be the strongest, die first, I think?」

Cagnas who seemed to have given up something, readied his sword towards Harada.

Most of the other S-Rank adventurers were urging the nobles and servants to evacuate.

The ones who were not joining them are the necromancer and the berserker.

Seeing Cagnas’s stance, Harada made a slight smile.

「You’re a very good classic kind of guy huh♪」

Not lending ears to the words the man said, Cagnas shouted with all his will.

「ーーskill【Sword Fighting Spirit Method】. Skill【Diamond Martial God】. Skill【War Fighting Spirit Method】」

Every time he chanted the skill name, Cagnas’s body was covered by aura.

「Your skills are also classic ones♪」

After Cagnas had raised his sword upwards, he leaped towards Harada. And, at the same time, he shouted towards the back of Harada.

「Now!」

The berserker with a huge body that silently went behind Harada swung down his axe using brute strength.

ーーit was a double attack from front and behind that is unlooked for.

However, Harada said with a slight smile.

「ーーyour tactics are, unexpectedly……practical (lol)」

And, he continued.

「ーーbut, too bad!! Skill【Physical Attack Reflection】♪」

Cagnas’s head was split open, and the berserker was sliced through his shoulder up to his heart.

*Dosari*, the two fell down.

「……haa……? What the heck……was that……?」

Together with those words, the contents of Cagnas’s head dropped out, and with that, the continent’s number one sword emperor was lost.

「And I am……a very good cheater or I should say〜♪」

While looking at the crowd that is running in confusion, Harada said with a somewhat light tone.

「The king isn’t here, but……whatever……somebody would tell him anyways. And so, this is a warning〜. I’m going to go and kill you straight and head-on okay?」

And, taking a deep breath, he said with a voice that has a heavy tone.

「……well, we are the ones who are in charge of observing and “taking care” of the dragon species, you small fries should shut up and get out of the way, well, that’s about it」

Lastly, the man left 「ーーwell, goodbye〜」, and disappeared to the wing of the stage while waving backwards.





Chapter 7 - B-Rank Adventurers Selection Exam (Part 2)


Inside the shaking carriage, the Light Martial Emperor is trembling while hiding in a blanket.

Since he was making the horses run towards the military facilities through the road when the rain had just stopped, the carriage was shaking very badly.

ーーwhat the hell, what in the world was “that”……? What in the world is that……why, why did it become like……?

Mifune who was famed for being undefeated was incapacitated in a blink of an eye.

The Light Martial Emperor was saved by the continent’s number one, Sword Emperor Cagnas, but he said something like this after telling the Light Martial Emperor to run away.

ーーmost probably, I am going to die……however, I will try to buy time. Just hurry……please, hurry……

While trembling, he tries to analyze the situation.

“It is unknown what happened to Cagnas after that. However, in any case, we are entangled with an overwhelming existence that treated those two who are within the ten strongest in this world like a child.

That kind of existence, it only exists in legends and myths……impossible, that is, that is impossible……” and there, he finally realized.

ーーDragon Species

The Martial Light Emperor ran away from the castle with only the clothes he is wearing. He took a servant with him as a coachman, but he didn’t take any aides. And inside that carriage alone, the Light Martial Emperor whispered this.

「I-It’s because……we tried to, do something against the dragon species……? Is that so? Was it……was it because we tried to, do something……to them?」

*Gakon*, the carriage bounces hugely, and his head hits the back of the chair.

「……ah!」

The Light Martial Emperor couldn’t help but to be annoyed to the coachman.

「You bastard, what the heck is with your driving!! Who do you think I am! You lowly peasant……do you want to die!!」

However, there was no reply from the coachman.

Not only thatーーthe scenery that passes through the window had stopped when he noticed it.

It looks like they went to a stop.

And when he was dubious to what have happened, *Gachiri*, the door opened.

The one who entered was a girl that has flaming red hair and golden eyes.

「Umu? Did the ruler of the human world change again? In my memories……you should have the bloodline of the Emperor that governs the whole world……」

While taking of the stole that she was wearing on top of her cloak, “one-two”, she entered the carriageーーshe sat in front of the Martial Light Emperor.

「You……what are you?」(TL: the words used here could be translated as “who” or “what”)

“Un?”, after tilting her head once, the girl answered together with a sweet smile.

「I am……a dragon」

When the Light Martial Emperor looked up to the ceiling, for the first time in his life, he prayed to god.

ーーI really, shouldn’t have……done anything towards the dragon species.

Normally, he would’ve laughed off the words of that girl, however, the timing was just too good that he did not have any doubts.

「Dragon-sama……is it. About the matter this time, I cannot do anything else but ask forgiveness……」

When he tries to bow his head, the girl tilted her head thinking of it strangely.

「What do you mean by……the matter this time? What are you talking about?」

「Did you not come, yourself……to destroy our plan……our plan to gather S-Rank Adventurers, and……investigate or subjugate the dragon, species……?」

“Kuhaha”, the girl laughed while she furrowed her brows.

「You said, S-Rank class huh? Are you talking about those small beings, that enters our domain every once in a while? Although you are gathering them yourself, trying to make them attack us, so whyーーwhy should I need to do anything beforehand?」

Towards the girl’s words, the man tilted his head, as if to show that he could not get the point.

「However, the dispatch of more than ten S-Rank Adventurers this time……it is at the level that is equal enough to subjugate the Demon King…… that is why you(-sama)……before that……felt threatened, and……」

「Kuhah……kuhahah!……threatened……you said? With just the strength enough to subjugate that Demon King, why do I need to feel threatened……? Even as a joke, you……that’s too ridiculous……kuhaha……kuhahahaha1」

She took out a fan from her waist, and fanned herself while laughing. However, deep in her eyes, it does not show any pleasantness.

And there, *Bishiri*, she closed her fan, and said while lowering the tone of her voice.

「Do not look down upon us dragons」

At the same time, she opened the skill【Haki of the Dragon Emperor】. She continued while sending out overwhelming pressure.

「Do you want your whole country burned without ashes remaining……you brat?」

Together with a bewitching gesture, the girl placed the closed fan on the chin of the Light Martial Emperor.

And moving the fan from there, she placed it on the cheek of the Light Martial Emperor, and, *Pachiri*, she slapped.

「Hii!!」

The Light Martial Emperor cried like a small animal.

Confirming that he had received the【Haki of the Dragon Emperor】straight on with his wet crotch, the girl nodded in satisfaction.

Following that, she reaches out a paper where an ancient language is written to the Light Martial Emperor.

「And so……as you can see. I’m leaving it to you to have me registered to the adventurer’s guild, and register me to participate in the B-Rank adventurers selection exam. The guild I will be registered to……the closest branch to the great forest that I live in should be the best」

「Forgive me, but……I can’t……I can’t understand what you mean……the words, it’s also written in ancient language……no one, no one can understand it unless it’s a scholar……」

「Think of the meaning by yourself. And if a scholar can read it, then call a scholar, you idiot」

After saying just that, the red-haired girl opened the door of the carriage, and disappeared to nowhere.

Inside the carriage that had stopped, the Light Martial Emperor grabs his head with his hands.

And finally, he went outside.

On the back side of the carriage, there was the minced coachman lying on the ground.

ーーaccording to records, the dragon species are harmless unless we do something to them first.

If those records were correct, the coachman must have ignored her who appeared in front of the running carriage, and tried to run over her. After all, the Light Martial Emperor had ordered the coachman to hurry up at the fastest speed, and for that coachman, that must’ve been an absolute order.

Why did he need to think of the safety of a girl, that coachman needed to follow the command of the Light Martial Emperor at all cost.

However, as a result for that, that coachman became an unsightly minced meat.

The Light Martial Emperor kneels down, he whispered while getting washed out.

「Today……what……what an unlucky day」





Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 1)


「This is the B-Rank adventurers selection exam……huh」

In a huge meeting room of the adventurer’s guildーーthe number that gathered is about 50 people.

The best way to describe is probably, it’s image is similar to a highschool’s entrance exam in modern Japan.

Chairs and tables aligned, and an examiner observing from a platform a level higher.

Seeing the woman with a flax-hair color sitting there with a composed look, Junpei let out a sigh.

「To think that she’s an S-Rank adventurer, on top of that, she’s the examiner-sama……」

Thinking that she’s just a simple receptionist, frankly, he had looked down on her, and he answered her without any care.

After all, she has a lot of suspicions regarding Junpei……, and thinking up to that, he scratched his head.

If he cannot obtain an advanced job within the time limit of half a year, he would die inside the labyrinth with certainty due to the lack of status.

“I want to finish it with only trying once, not wasting any time, but someone troublesome is having a lookout for me. Well, I can change my appearance using【Mimicry】, and of course, I am using a fake name, so I think that if I can pass this place……”

ーーleaving that on the side……

“These guys, each of them are quite quirky”, Junpei thought while looking around.

Most of them are either men with frightening looks or women that release an aura that shows they’re not so simple.

One could see that each of them are a master of their own way.

Originally, this exam, it was prepared for rookies that have S-Rank or A-Rank skills, a special advance placement exam.

However, it’s not like it is full of skillful people that have a bright future waiting for them, there are also ex-criminals that hide their identities, or guys who had injuries in their knees taking the challenge once again.

“And other than that……”, Junpei looked around once again, and smiled while rolling his eyes.

ーーhost-like black suits and blonde hair wearing ear pierce.

“No matter how you look at him, he’s someone teleported here……and, he doesn’t even hide it.

When I took a look at his clothes using【Appraisal Eyes】, his whole body is covered with high-class branded goods made in Japan. It’s like he’s actually a host in a downtown area before he came in this world.

It’s too bad that【Appraisal Eyes】doesn’t have measurement results. He’s either an idiot that wants to stand out, or he has complete confidence in himself……tch, if I could just see his status……”

And, after that, Junpei looked at a red-haired girl around 10 years old.

The men around her are having spontaneous laughter because of her young face, but Junpei couldn’t feel like laughing at all.

When he appraised her equipmentsーー

ーーit cannot be appraised, the results were full of errors.

“Why the heck is something as troublesome as this is in here……”

And when Junpei was worrying about that, the woman with a flax hair color started explaining with her bewitching voice.

「Well then〜, it’s time, so, I’m thinking of starting the exam〜. My name is Judy……I’m an S-Rank adventurer, I guess you know me with my name Annihilator Princess Judy?」

As expected of an S-Rank adventurer, her name is somewhat famous.

Some of the adventurers became noisy.

「And so〜」, she continued with a light tone.

「Everyone, I will make you kill each other.」

Junpei placed his hand on the handgun on his waist, the black suited man whistled, and the red-haired girl sighed with boredom, took some sweets from her bag and smiled.

After that a second later, half of the other adventurers reacted by standing up or holding their own weapons.

The remaining half couldn’t keep up with the situation and were left behind with open mouths.

「No, no, it’s just a joke, just a joke okay〜? You shouldn’t take it seriously okay? Really, these rookies, they’re so honest and cute……」

*Perori*, Judy moistens her lips.

This woman that is famous for being a rookie crusher seems to have noticed Junpei, the black suited man, and the red-haired girl just with their reactions now.

She took a deep look at the three, and happily made her eyes into slits.

She seems to be thinking of something like ‘how should I play with these rookies……’.

“Leaving that on the side……”, *Pachiri*, she snapped her finger.

After she did that, the sliding door in the front part of the entrance exam hall opened, and a man that seems to be a servant entered. The man came to Judy’s seat on top of the platform and placed a tool wrapped with paper.

Judy tore those paper wrappings without care, and happily laughed.

「And so, the first exam isーーthis!」

The thing that was shown was a small glass bowl.

Judy threw something inside that bowl.

*Clink, Clink* (Chinchirorin〜), it sounded. Looking close to it, there was a diceーーthe dice rolled inside the glass bowl.

「……what do you mean by that?」

Judy answered the question of the man in the front line of the hall with a composed look.

「You will throw the dice, if the result is one, you’ve passed. What do you think, is very simple right?」

The man stood without saying anything, and went up on the platform where Judy is standing on.

And, he took the dice and rolled it inside the bowl.

ーー*Clink, Clink*

The dice rolled together with the sound effects.

The resultーー2.

Judy smiled pleasantly, and said.

「Oh, too bad. If you’re willing, let’s get along again next year okay♪」

The disqualified man flared up to Judy who winked and showed her tongue.

「There’s no way that I can accept this……?」

「Ara? I’d get troubled if you don’t?」

「I’m called Iron Arm Nash. This might be bragging, but no one in Izamas Village doesn’t know my name……I became I legend for winning a fist fight with an orc when I was 12 yo?」

Hearing that, Judy made an expression that she was as if looking at a disobedient child, and snorted.

「Your bragging story, it’s only on a village’s level……huh. Well〜, a child like you boy has exceeded being cute, you’re just unpleasant you know?」

Judy took the man’s right palm with her left palm.

After she closed their hands with entwined fingers, she mischievously smiled.

「So, you were proud of your strength huh?」

It doesn’t look that she’s placing some decent power. However, the man’s expression became blue.

「……ugya……! My hand……it’s breaking……stop……please……please stop!!」

“Hmph”, Judy spat out and released his hand.

「And so, let’s play again next year if you’re willing okay♪ Ah〜, also……I don’t mind if those guys who doesn’t like way of examination voice it out okay? It’s just……this time, I was kind to child boy, but after him……you should get ready to lose some limbs……okay?」

“Then, once again”, Judy looked around, and pointed at Junpei.

「You’re next. Come now〜, I’ll be nice with you so come up here」

Junpei went up the platform and took the dice.

And, he threw it.

ーー*Clink, Clink*

The dice rolled inside the glass bowl, and stopped.

The result, 6.

Judy made a sad expression, and said this.

「Ara, too bad huh? Come again next year♪」

Junpei who was taken aback was petrified in his place, then glared at Judy.

「……ara, are you not convinced?」

「That’s right……」

「Oh, too bad. It doesn’t matter if you’re convinced or not. But……I’m was a little expecting on you……but, it’s the end here. Come again next year okay♪」

He was urged to leave, but Junpei still wouldn’t move.

「I have a question……if I kick your ass, do I pass the exam?」

Judy answered with a fearless smile.

「I’ll make you pass not just to B-Rank, I can make you an A-Rank?」

After thinking of something for a while, *Kokuri*, Junpei nodded.

「I don’t like this way of doing things though……」

Judy had sparkling eyes to Junpei’s unexpected attitude.

「You really want to do it……? You’re prepared to lose some of your limbs? Oh really, you make me so, stimulated……I don’t hate such reckless boys. But even so, I spent some time on that small fry earlier……so if you’re planning to be forceful, can you leave it for last?」

「It would be nice……if I did it earlier though?」

「I’m telling you that I’ll be your opponent, so……don’t be such in a hurry」

「Ahh, I got it」

「Well, I’ll at least guarantee your life……but if you really insist……you’d really lose some of your parts though」

「It means, even if I make ‘you’ lose some of your limbs……you can’t complain, right?」

Judy’s eyes sparkled to Junpei who wouldn’t change the color of his face at all, to Junpei who was rather, completely confident.

「Ahh〜, I got wet. Sorry, little boy〜……I might not be able to guarantee your life……I wonder with what kind of voice you will cry?」

Judy’s body trembles with thrills. However, she immediately regained herself, and after she slapped her own head with her right hand, she ordered Junpei with a voice that is pretending to be calm.

「And so, for the meantime, you should go to the side. I’ll do an exhibition match with you later……」

And after that, the participants rolled the dice one after the other. The trend of the ones that passed and the ones that were disqualified was not distinct looking from the side.

As a result, within the 50 of them, 30 have passed.

The black suited man and the red-haired girl, just like Junpei……they also failed the first test.

Judy looked at those who have failed, tilted her head to dissatisfaction.

And Junpei who was looking at that Judy suddenly held his breath.

「30 within the 50……30 of them rolled 1? ……tch!……it was like that, huh……」

Junpei who have reached a certain conclusion walked to Judy, and opened his mouth.

「Excuse me, but, let me roll the dice again」

Judy grinned, and *Kokuri*, she nodded.

「You finally get it? Well……you mean, there’s no other way right?」

「…………」

When Junpei once again rolled the dice, the dice stopped at 1 without even rolling inside the glass bowl.

「Dice or whatever……isn’t this just a damn status gauge」

“Tehe〜”, Judy knocked her head with a fist, she acted derisively.

「That’s right. If your status were measured with equal or more than of that of a B-Rank adventurer, the dice would stop at 1 even if you don’t want it. And if it’s below that, it would be any number other than that」

Judy who took out a metal plate from her waist checked Junpei’s status that is shown in there.

「Even so……you made it that your status is just barely B-Rank huh……. as I’ve thought……you can change your status?」

As a fact, Junpei disguised his own status at around C-Rank when he first rolled the dice, but he didn’t mention that and said this frankly.

「Who cares, you idiot……I mean, if you’re talking about faking the status, there’s two remaining……they’re probably going to ask to roll the dice you know?」

After saying just that, Junpei returned to his own seat.

And just like he has said, the black suited guy asked Judy.

「I’m very sorry〜, but……can I also, roll the dice again?」(TL: blonde guy actually speaks in kansai-ben, but I don’t have enough skill to translate that)

“Yes, it’s okay”, Judy nodded.

The result, just like at Junpei’s time, the dice stopped at 1 without even rolling.

And Judy who checked the black suited manーーHarada’s status was petrified.

「……cannot be……measured? Status that exceeds the measuring limit……? No way……t-this, it should only be possible if the machine is broken……but, that’s probably……not the case……」

Grinning, Harada returned to his own seat.

And lastly, the red-haired girl stood up.

「Excuse me? Can you let me roll the dice too? I hate futile killing after all……well, if you insist that you want to die……I don’t mind if you refuse……」(TL: fyi, dragon-chan ends her sentence with -jya or calls herself ‘warawa’ just like the loli princess in outbreak company)

Judy who hasn’t regained herself from the shock done by Harada’s status nodded absentmindedly.

And the instant the girl threw the dice, *Bon*, an explosion was heard.

「The dice……exploded?」

The red-haired girl asked Judy with a troubled expression.

「Holding back, it’s very hard……」

Picking up a piece of the dice that exploded, the girl gave it to Judy.

「Can you make it that……I passed?」

Judy answered with an absentminded expression.

「Ye……yes……」





Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 2)


After the first examination ended, the dropouts left the room one next to the other.

When all the passers had taken their seat, Judy started to explain.

「Well then, the second examination shall start now. The rule is simple. The top 15 that had returned to this place will pass……well then, start!」

Junpei, the black suited man, and the red-haired girl immediately reacted and began to beware of the surroundings.

The three of them all had a dubious color in their expression.

Everyone other than the three of them does not seem to be panickingーーrather, it was as if they knew what would happen next.

After a blink of an eye, a change happened. The room’s floorーーit opened.

「I think everyone knows this, but I’ll say it to be sure……the guild’s underground is a giant labyrinth〜☆ Well, you won’t die so don’t worry♪」

A hole opened below each of their seats. It seemed like a beehive.

“Most probably……”, Junpei thought, and let himself fall inside the hole.

“If I wanted to, I could probably stop the fall by using my hooking my limbs.

However, there’s no meaning of doing that.

From how it looks, it would be a pass crawling out of there after falling to that underground labyrinth that she said.

……for the meantime, letting myself fall like this is inevitable.”

It was a tube tunnel that was like a waterslide.

While going in circles, he fell with quite some speed.

Ten seconds, twenty seconds, or maybe more than that……Junpei left himself to the gravity, but finally, the end could be seen.

「……hmph」

Outside the tunnelーーit was connected to a rocky area.

*Zuzazaza*, he stopped the momentum while sliding on the ground.

「Hmm……」

In between two giant stone walls, it was a valley-like terrain.

Each of the wall’s height is probably a hundred metersーーthe blue sky could be seen from the gap between the walls.

The distance between the walls is about seven meters.

And the tear of the valley continuous on and on.

In fact, this tear is also shown on the map, and it is something that is recognized as a tear of the land that continues to several hundreds of kilometers.

It was being said that it was created during a great earthquake several thousand of years ago, but……well, that does not matter.

From how the surroundings look, he could not see any other examinees.

And there, Junpei found a letter placed on the ground.

「…………」

He picked it up without saying anything and started to read its contents.

†

Heeya〜! Are you having fun in your second examination?

You are my……Judy-chan’s favorite you know, that’s why, I left a letter for you〜!

*PachiPachiPachiPachi〜☆* (Clapping sounds)

I mean, you……you probably don’t know about the guild’s specialty, the underground ancient tomb labyrinth right?

I’ll start explaining about that okay. This thing’s what you call, the adventurers’ training facility.

In short, an underground labyrinth that is full of traps. Well, since it’s a training facility, there are no monsters appearing and as long as you’re careful, you won’t die.

And so……that room before, it’s famous between everyone who has something to do with the guild that it’s connected here.

There’s also a reason why it looks like a beehive, the tunnels are connected to different places.

And so.

The place where you fell into, it’s a little troublesome place……I mean, I’m the one who placed your seat to be connected to that little troublesome place though.

Honestly, you’re my favorite.

From now on, in the case where you were able to pass the test……of course, I’m planning on giving you some special treatment, so, do your best okay〜♪

After that, it’s this place’s explanation.

First, I think that you should be able to see a red door on the wall to your right. That’s the right way to return to the examination hall, but……it’s timed that it would open around 23 hours after you fall to that place.

Meaning, it would only open one hour each day.

Originally, this underground labyrinth is an out of the place artifact that was made during the ancient times.

No one knows how to change the timer and in fact, its reputation is awful between the rookies that use this labyrinth.

As you can see, that place is placed in the land’s tear……and it’s impossible to escape other than the right route.

And, I think that you can see a blue door to your left……this one would open after an hour.

And to where that door is connected……in the guildーーyou know that there are two towers that has the height of a hundred meters right?

That tower that stands inside the city is a dungeon for rookies where low ranked monsters appear.

And, to reach that place, one must pass through this guild’s underground labyrinth.

In short, the place where you are right now is a place that connects the guild’s underground labyrinth and the tower.

Ahh, that’s right.

The rookie dungeon, there isn’t any window or entrance other than passing through the place where you are, so I’ll just tell you that it’s useless to advance through the blue door.

Lastly, the examination’s explanation.

If it’s as usual, the standard to get into the top 15ーーthe time limit……it’s 5 hours.

I don’t know how you’re going to get into the top 15 in that situation, but……

Onee-san, she’s counting on you okay〜!

ーーFrom your beloved Judy ♥

†

“Fuu”, Junpei let out a heavy sigh.

「……the dear examiner seems to like me very much…………. and so, a special treatment huh……. it looks like my luck in this world is really the worst」

And, he laughed deprecatingly.

「No, well, I was also bullied in that other world, so……well, my luck’s really bad either way huh」

He doesn’t know where the ‘right side’ and ‘left side’ that is written in the letter points to, but in fact, when he checked forward, he found a red door and a blue door on each side of the wall.

「The red is the correct route. However, it would only open 23 hours later…… and the blue connects to the rookie dungeon. It would open after an hour……huh. And, from behind is……」

Junpei took out firewood and flint from his item box.

Then he prepared a pot, water, and a coffee beans set and sat down.

“Either way, it isn’t a situation where I could move around right away, and most of all, I want to clear my head, resetting it once, and reorganize.”

The water boiled, the smell of coffee started to come outーーand there, Junpei slowly turned around, and placed his hand on his waist.

He checked the feeling of touching the『S&W M57 41 caliber magnum』 and the weight of its metal.

And standing in the place where he was looking at, there was a girl that has black hair down to her shoulders.

From how she looks, she has the same age with Junpei.

Shorts and sleeveless shirt. It was a brownish light equipment that shows a lot of skin.

A cheap knife in her waist and a small knapsack in her shoulder.

Other than her hair being black, its seems trimmed and refined, and……she looks Japanese.

In this world, the people who would fix their hairs would either be daughters of nobles, prostitutes, or maybe, those who reincarnated.

「What happened to you……making such a scary face……and, that, that’s an item box right……you’re also from Earth?」

Junpei widened his eyes for an instant, but immediately tilted his head while making a poker face.

「……chikyuujin? What’s that?」(TL: earthling, I don’t really like the word so I used ‘from earth’)

「Right now, your ear moved you know? I’m absolutely sure, you’re from earth right? The item box’s something that normally, only those who came from earth has after all. But……I heard before that if someone from other countries on earth came here, they’ll start in other countries in this world, and……that blonde hair and blue eyes……are you from europe or america?」

「……no, chikyuu……? What the heck are you talking about」

Making a staring gaze, the girl opened her mouth, very suspiciously.

「Fuーーーn……」

The girl was thinking of something for a while, but finally, she reached out her right hand to Junpei.

「I’m Ami……Sakaguchi Ami. Just like you, I’m someone who teleported from another world and came to take the B-Rank selection exam…… when I was in Japan, I was a middle-school girl. In this place, I’m a thief……no, a sneakthief. Let’s get along〜」

Her hand that she reached out, Junpei wouldn’t take it.

Not looking back to her gaze, he annoyingly opened his mouth while leaning his back to the huge boulder.

「……kosodoro?」

「That’s right. Sneakthief……you want to hear about that? Ah, the coffee’s already done you know? Do you have only one cup? The story’s gonna be long, and I want to drink coffee too, so……I’ll be really thankful if you would take out another cup……」

「It’s not like I want to listen……」

「Don’t be shy, don’t be shy. Let’s be good with each other, after all……we both came from earth right?」

Ami said that and sat in front of Junpei without asking for permission.

When she noticed that Junpei doesn’t plan on taking out a cup, she took out a wooden cup from her own item box.

「No, really, what the heck’s chikyuu……」(TL: earth)

And, after she poured the coffee without saying anything, she started to tell her long story.





Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 3)


According to Amiーー

Right now, she is sixteen.

She said that the 12 years old Sakagami Ami and the 8 years old Sakagami Nazuna at that time was unluckily, forced to go on a trip to this world.

And just as usual, the skill that the God gave them was only the super-class【Appraisal Eyes】.

And being suitable for thief type of jobs, her first job is a Thief. And her little sisterーーwas she too young to be able to do anything, just like Junpei and Noriko, she had no job.

They were forcefully sent to this world, but unlike Junpei and the rest, their luck was good.

Their starting point was near a certain poor village, and they were picked up by an old couple who was not blessed to have a child.

And a year from then on.

They helped to farm and although they were poor, they spent their days full of smiles.

However, their peace didn’t continue, a famine occurred due to crop failure.

The village was rampant with many families that would ‘take care’ of their own sons and daughters to lessen the mouths to feedーーbut even so, the old couple did not let the girls go.

However, as a matter of fact, the grains that they had stockpiled, no matter how you think of it, it was not enough for four people.

That’s why, Ami left, no, she entrusted her sister to the old couple and left with her own will.

And from then onーーshe said that she spent her life living in the streets for a few months after she left.

「And so……I was working as a sneaky thief, but I failed miserably inside a certain noble’s mansion……really, that was the worst experience」

She seemed to have a light atmosphere around her normallyーーbut Junpei didn’t fail to notice the traces of a collar around her neck, and the scars on her wrists.

「And there, for about three mounts……I was taken care of in that mansion’s underground. Really, it was a terrible experience……but……I was somehow able to escape」

「……and then?」

「After that……I had a criminal history after all. I changed my name and registered in the underground guild…… I took jobs that where my skills as a thief would be completely used, and sent money to my sister……and I trained myself to be able to earn more……I continued that kind of lifestyle for two years……which leads to now」

After being silent for a while, Junpei asked.

「Why did you take this exam? What’s your reason for registering in the guild in the surface?」

While looking up to the blue sky that peeks between the walls, Ami looked far away reminiscing and made a faint smile.

「I’m exchanging……letters with her」

「Letters?」

「Un. With my little sister……together with the money that I’m sending her, I’m also sending her letters」

「……」

「She thinks that I’m earning money ‘honestly’ in the adventurer guild because I told her so. That’s why……with this kind of me right now……I can’t meet her……I need to become a big sister that is proud, I need to become a big sister who could meet her little sister with head held high」

「Why?」

「Right now, I’m just……I’m just a sneaky thief you know? Can you……can you hold your head high saying “I’m back” with that?」

「You’re a very good sister」he tried to say, but……Junpei shook his head.

Her story right now, it would be different depending on one’s perspective, and also……she herself, she doesn’t think of herself as an existence that could hold her head high. “If that is so……”, Junpei judged that he shouldn’t put them into words.

「ーーthat’s why, I joined this time’s exam. These past years, in jobs that are in between life and death, dirty jobs from the underground guild……I think that I had polished my skills and abilities as a thief enough. Un, I grew up to the point that I have confidence that I won’t lose to the majority of people……I think. But……I think that my luck’s bad this time. Being sent to this place……I can’t do anything about it」

「……I see」

Junpei felt something that moved his heartstrings.

“Ahh……”, he thought. He thought that he was already deceived many times……but he could not help himself to be weak to this kind of story.

「By the way, this is a completely different topic, but, when you take out the hot water from the cup noodles into the sink……I wonder why the sink would sound like *Beko*」

「Doesn’t that has something to do with thermal expansion or something?」

「Other than that, I wonder why the accidents where when you take out the hot water from the cup yakisoba, all of its contents falls into the sink never disappears」

「That’s just either……if you’re being careful or not, when you’re taking out the hot water」

“Fufu”, she laughed, and Ami said.

「……as I’ve thought, you……you’re from earth right? I mean, they say that foreigners start in other countries, and that blonde hair and blue eyes……they’re probably, not like that from the start right……? Honestly speaking……you’re Japanese right?」

「……I will use my right to be silent」

In fact, Junpei also noticed that this conversation is a trap.

However……while knowing all about it, he continued the conversation.

While looking at Ami who was smiling pleasantly with the corner of his eyes, Junpei quickly tidies up the pot and the cup.

And after he stood up, he opened his mouth towards Ami.

「Until the right route opens……it’s, 23 hours……no, only 22 hours huh……what do you think would happen if we’d wait for that?」

「I don’t know how long it would take to the guild’s headquarters from here, and even leaving that on the side, I think that we’ll fail.……right now, nothing can be done right?」

「No, I will make it that we make it there. Let’s move immediately……stand up」

Junpei reached out his right hand to Ami.

「I don’t have time to take the test once again……and also, you need to meet her right……? Your little sister……that’s right, both of us, we can’t give up……that’s whyーーeven if it’s an absurd problem……we can only conquer it, right?」

Hearing that, Ami had a dumbfounded face for a while, then finallyーーshe made a smile that was like a sunflower and grabbed Junpei’s hand.

「Hehe〜!……take care of me okay. I don’t know what you’re planning to do, but……two’s better than one right」

At the same time when Ami stood up, *Gogogo*, the blue door that is not the right route started to open.

Junpei advanced towards there while pulling Ami’s hand without hesitation.

「Hey, hey you? Wait a minute! Where are you going? That’s a route that connects to the tower……and didn’t they say, you can’t go out of the tower other than passing through this place?」

Grinning, Junpei said.

「I have a plan. Well, just follow me」

Inside the dungeon for rookies. The width of the path is about 3 meters, and the height is also 3 meters.

The walls, ceiling, and floor, all of them are made out of stone.

And inside that facility, *GaraGara*, the sound of bones collapsing echoes.

「They said that low ranked monsters appear, but……I see, this is what they call, cannon fodders」

While looking down on the skeleton that got broken with just one kick, Junpei thought.

The monsters that appear inside the tower are skeletons or wolves.

Usually, rookies would raise their levels by subjugating these monsters……but in Junpei’s case, from the beginning, even though it was the same undead just like the skeletons, it was a No Life King.

And although it was a canine species……it wasn’t wolves, but Cerberus.

While remembering those nightmares, Junpei made an indescribable expression.

「Yosh……that’s the door that to the corridor that connects to the other tower right?」

He could see an old wooden door at the place he was looking at.

ーーAmi’s skills as a thief were excellent.

In the worst case, Junpei was planning on using his space recognition ability, but……because of her skills that are best for breaking through a labyrinth, they proceeded with the shortest route.

And after an hour of going up, finally, they reached the top floor of one of the towers.

When the door was opened, a corridor with a width of 2 meters was there.

There was no handrails or anything. It was just a floor with a 2-meter width that connects to the other tower. The height of the tower is probably about 100 meters.

「Well then……」

Junpei placed his right hand on his chin.

If they were going to go through the regular route, they would need to pass through this path that was placed 100 meters over the ground, and conquer the other tower in a descending way. Most probably, they would be able to breakthrough the other tower in an hour but even if they reached the ground, just like that female examiner said, they should not be able to reach the examination venue from there.

Taking a few steps forwardーーJunpei stopped in the middle.

「Hey, you……what are you planning to do? Eh……eh?!」

Junpei grabbed Ami’s collar, and swept her feet.

Fixing her posture in the air, he carried her just like with a princess hold.

「ーーthis is my plan」

And just like that, Junpei started to run to the side of the path with a 2 meter width.

And towards the airーーhe jumped.

「Uwa!! Uwa!! Uwawawawaーーーー!!」

Swimming in the air for 0.2 seconds.

He landed one of his feet on the surface of the wall of the tower on the other side.

「……humph!」

He gathered strength to that footーーand jumped diagonally downwards. His landing point is the other tower’s wall.

「Kyaaaaーーーーーー!!」

Every time his foot separated from the wall’s surface, Ami’s scream echoed between the two towers.

And as if he was reverberating to that, Junpei kicks the walls alternately, jumping downwards in between the towers.

The speed of falling that is very slower compared to direct falling was the result of reducing the gravity towards the ground every time he kicks the walls.

「It’s like that hollywood movie……an absurd ninja that ignores the reality right?」

When Junpei laughed at her while rolling his eyes, it looks like Ami finally understood the situation, she finally stopped screaming.

She made a dumbfounded expression then, and opened her mouth saying this.

「…………………………eh?! What……what……this……impossible……」

「In this world……if you have enough status……you can also do something like this」

*Thup *Thup* *Thup* *Thup*.

While reducing their falling speed without effort, Junpei jumped between the towers many times.

And when there were only 10 meters left before landing to the ground, he grinned.

「Hehe!……I see huhーーーーthe landing point’s decided」

The two towers are standing in the corner of the guild’s property.

A forest had spread in the base of the tower. And as if to open a space in that forest, there was a terrace cafe-like facility there.

Junpei decided their landing point to be there.

And matching the timing, he used all the strength in the foot that landed on the wall, and jumped towards that terrace cafe.

The place where he was going to, there was a woman who was elegantly drinking her afternoon teaーーit’s the examiner Judy.

「It’s dangerous so, get, out, of the waaaaaaay!!!!」

He warned although he was not planning to make her get out of the way, and it echoed throughout the surroundings.

The one who got surprised was Judy.

She just finished eating her lunch, and when she was taking a break, a shout suddenly came from above.

「From the sky……a person? eh?! ehh?! ehhh?!……eeeeehhhhhhhhーーー!!! Whatーーー?!」

*Mishiri*

As if it was targetedーーno, in fact, it was really targetedーーthe back of Junpei’s foot sank into Judy’s face.

*Dosari*

Judy collapsed after being kicked.

*Zuzazazaza*

While landing on Judy, Junpei who was embracing Ami killed the speed of the fall.

*Zuzazazazazazazazazaza*

He placed his right foot on Judy’s face, and his left foot on her chest, and rode her just like a skateboard. When he slid for about 20 meters, Junpei and the rest finally stopped.

Judy was convulsing.

As expected of an S-Rank adventure you could say, it looks like she wouldn’t die just from that.

Towards Junpei who got off from Judy, Ami said this with a surprised expression while being carried.

「……you……who in the earth……are you? Even if your status is high, that thing that you did right now……that’s……that’s too abnormal……」

“Haha!”, Junpei laughed and puts Ami down.

「……I’ll use my right to be silent」





Chapter 8 - Dragon Species(Part 4)


In the end, the second exam ended with Junpei and Ami taking the 8th place and 9th place respectively.

It was a result announcement with Judy having an enormous adhesive plaster on her nose and wrapped with bandages, but no one mentioned about that topic, and Judy did not mention it as well.

And the time isーーdusk.

Running away from Ami who was excessively touching him, getting near him, and talking to him, Junpei leaned his back on a big tree in the garden in the guild.

He eats the sandwich that the female owner of the inn where he is staying at made in the morning.

When he looked up, there was a beautiful setting sky. While letting out a deep sigh, he said to himself.

「……both inside that place and outside, there really isn’t anything good……huh」

“Elf meals or rookie hunting, and slave trade……even Ami who he just met for a while, she had scars that showed she tried to suicide some time ago.

In fact, there was really nothing good that happened ever since I came to this world.

No……” Junpei shook his head.

「The food that miss hostess made tastes good…… that’s right…… I still have……I could still be grateful……I could still say, that the food tastes good」

Junpei looked up to the sky as if he was reminding himself.

「……I am still……alright…… my hands are……already bloody, but……I’m still okay…… I’m different……I’m different to those psychopaths that I met in the labyrinth, or those crazy guys who have authority power in this world……it’s alright…… I am still……alright……un……」

While whispering that, he laughed with disgust to his own words.

At that time, he saw 10 adventurers who were lined up passing through the corridor that could be seen from the garden.

Suddenly, Junpei raised his body, he focused his eyes, looking at one of them.

「……hehe!……in things like this……I’m really soo lucky…… to think that I could see you here……!」

Junpei slowly walked towards the building where the group from earlier disappeared to.

He couldn’t keep his calm because of his excitement, but he thought that he shouldn’t fail with this.

Holding back his eager, Junpei raised the corner of his lips.

ーーI longed to see you……the second one……!! Kido’s henchman……Nakabayashi Yoshihiko……!!

“I need to enter that building as soon as possible……”, while holding back the feelings he could not, Junpei carefully followed them.

However, at that time, a high-pitched voice called out to him from behind.

「Kufufu……a horrific qi of hatred……huh」

Junpei instinctively jumped forward, taking distance.

And he turned around, and shivered.

That was something that is inevitable, Junpei who supposed to have his evasion efficiency in an inhuman level……could not feel her presence at all until she called out to him.

In other words, his back was easily taken from himーーit only means that.

「From how it looks, you have deep hatred……with him. And, that is……the seeded group」

「Seeded group?」

「Isn’t it an exam that promotes the rank of excellent adventurers as a special case in the first place? That’s why, the ones who are really excellent are treated as a seed」

「……and, you are? Though……I’m well away that you’re not so simple」

Junpei took out the Cerberus’s Canine, and faced the red-haired girl.

「Hmm. That weapon……I see, god killer……huh」

“Kufu”, she laughed, and the red-haired girl flips her hair.

「I am a dragon species…… a primordialーーwell then, you are?」

「Dragon……huh. And so……what then?」

Suddenly, Junpei felt all the hair on his body standing up.

It was an overwhelming pressure, just like the time he first met the No Life King inside the labyrinth, or when he was confronting the Cerberus.

「I shall, test you a little bit?」

Shivers run down through Junpei’s back.

ーーI didn’t think that I would receive such an overwhelming pressure in the outside world……I’ll can only go with full throttle from the start!!

「【Acceleration】!!」

He runs to take the back of the girl, and immediately tried to stab her neck with the Cerberus’s Canine.

「Hou……what a surprising speed……however……how naive」

When she whispered that, the girl suddenly thrusts her palm.

However, with just that gesture, Junpei was blown away 10 meters backwards into the air.

「……?」

Flipping in the air, *Zuzazaza*, he landed while killing the speed.

ーー7 meters of distance between them.

“Well, what should I do now”, in a blink of an eye when Junpei thought of thatーーwhen he noticed it, she was already 1 meter close.

Even though it was Junpei, he could not see her start moving. It was a teleport-like movement.

It was as if the cause was skipped, and the just the result suddenly appearedーー.

「What the fuck did you just do……?」

「【Physics Calculation Manipulation】ーーin easier terms, it’s Shukuchi. That’s the thing that made you get blown off earlier as well」

「Shuku……chi? Physics Calculation Manipulation?」

“Un”, nodding, the girl said.

「……it is a power that disrupts the world’s laws」

Sweating profusely, Junpei said as if to spit out.

「Damn, don’t say something ridiculous so easily? You loli grandma……!」

「n? I’m not speaking of something ridiculous? After all, this is a ruler’s authority……ultimate……it’s called an extreme skill. If that is so, isn’t this kind of normal?」

Towards Junpei who tries to take distance by jumping backwards, “Kufufu”, the girl laughed.

「Well, originally, you are someone who is participating in the festival in that placeーーin the Interstice Labyrinth, so……you should be able to us it though……」

Junpei asked with a dubious expression.

「You, you know about that labyrinth?」

「It was a very long time ago, that……I almost forgot most of it」

「……forgot?」

Looking up to the sky, the girl said with distant eyes.

「I am a dragon. One who lives for eternity」

「For……eternity?」

A certain god’s face appeared on the back of Junpei’s mind.

The god was also, one who lives in eternity.

And from that god, the only things that he could feel is a 100% pure insanity and malice.

“However……”, Junpei asked the girl.

「I don’t know what kind of existence you are, but……at least, I can’t feel madness or psychopath-like feeling that I could get, just by talking to you」

「Well, in fact……I’m not planning on killing you at all. I do not like killing without cause. Although, if there is a reason, I would not be reluctant on killing humans like squashing bugs……I mean, how rude you are, treating me as a psychopath……I am not insane」

「……isn’t the time for eternity, the worst evil that harms the mind……?」

「I have discarded evolution, half of my thoughts are naturalーーit is assimilated to the universe’s collection of unconsciousness. I am just here in this place because I am, I only live, without resisting the flow……the only thing I wish is tranquillity. Inevitably, time for me is not a prison. I am not locked up in a cage」

「……I don’t get it at all. You can speak with words I could understand though?」

「Kufufu……well, I am not planning on explaining it to you after all」

While making a wry smile, Junpei replied.

「That shota god, and you as well……you guys who live for a long time……you’re really like that huh」

「Even if I am not on the level of that god……well, of course, I would be a little eccentric as well right?」

And, the girl, she suddenly had serious eyes and stared at Junpei.

「However……there is one thing, that I cannot understand」

「……what do you mean by can’t understand?」

She walked nearer, before Junpei’s eyes.

And she held both Junpei’s cheeks with hand, and said while tilting her head.

「Hey, you……?」

「What……?」

The distance between their faces is near.

Junpei could not help his heart race to the face like a young, beautiful doll.

The girl who observed Junpei’s face for a while, finally asked the question that she had from the bottom of her heart.

「Up until now, how many times, are you repeating life and death? Your karma is twisted that……it would be impossible to be fixed anymore you know?」

Andーー

At the same time when the girl’s lines reached his ears, an announcement-like electronic voice echoed inside Junpei’s head.

ーーIn addition to murdering Sakakibara Kazuya and chance meeting with a dragon species, words that reaches the core have been received, the Thesaurus Points would be reduced by 70

The thesaurus points became 0.

In exchange to resealing, a skill shall be released. Furthermore, a part of the memories shall be released.

Extreme Skill【Trash Box】has been released.

From hereafter, optionally throwing away loaded skills is now possible.





