The Dungeon Seeker





Volume 4





Author: Sakamoto 666

Illustrator: Gia





Translate: Paichun Translations





Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

The Dungeon Seeker

Prologue - Dragon and Dragon

Chapter 1 - Skill Hunt (Part 1)

Chapter 1 - Skill Hunt (Part 2)

Chapter 1 - Skill Hunt (Part 3)

Chapter 2 - Third Examination

Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 1)

Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 2)

Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 3)

Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 4)

Chapter 4 - Fourth Examination 2 (Part 1)

Chapter 4 - Fourth Examination 2 (Part 2)

Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 1)

Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 2)

Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 3)

Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 4)

Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 5)

Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 6)

Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 1)

Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 2)

Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 3)

Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 4)

Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 5)

Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 6)

Epilogue - Sakaguchi Sisters





Prologue - Dragon and Dragon


「Hey, you……?」

The red-haired girl that Takeda Junpei met in the B-Rank Adventurer Selection Exam suddenly said after seeing him.

「Up until now, how many times, are you repeating life and death? Your karma is twisted that……it would be impossible to be fixed anymore you know?」

Receiving the girl’s words, a sharp pain runs through Junpei’s head.

「……repeating……life and death……? What do you mean……by that?」

And, he kneeled down on the grown.

While enduring the pain, the announcement of the electronic voice that echoes inside his head repeated.

ーーIn addition to murdering Sakakibara Kazuya and chance meeting with a dragon species, words that reaches the core have been received, the Thesaurus Points would be reduced by 70

The thesaurus points became 0.

In exchange to resealing, a skill shall be released. Furthermore, a part of the memories shall be released.

Extreme Skill【Trash Box】has been released.

From hereafter, optionally throwing away loaded skills is now possible.

Junpei slowly tries to understand what those contents mean.

Up until now, because Junpei had limited skill slots, in other words, he cannot throw away skills, so he did not take even the skills that he thought useful.

In short, it looks like thanks to the skill【Trash Box】, it would be possible to throw away skills.

“I mean, isn’t that……”, Junpei shivered with what it meant.

He would be able to steal all the skills from the people he killed or neutralized as long as he wanted, and throw them away if they became useless.

It was really something that could be described as “extreme”.

However, he did not have the leisure to think of that.

Anyways, his headache……it was terrible.

No, it was not limited to that.

He felt something hot, coming from deep within his head.

ーーwell, that cannot be helped.

The things that he should not, no, cannot forget……they were once again forcefully sealed together with the release of the extreme skill.

His brain cells were screaming, his soul was tearing.

What Junpei was feeling right now……he was about to remember something, but he cannot. It was like remembering what one had taken for dinner last night, but cannot remember for some reasonーーit was that kind of a mysterious feeling.

The girl who saw Junpei’s expression of enduring pain while drenched in sweat, whispers while tilting her head.

「Hmm……」

The red-haired girlーーCharnaught, started to bite her thumbnail as if to express “Incomprehensible……”.

「At first, I thought……it was forcefully resurrecting, then continue to explore the labyrinth, but……it looks like it’s different」

「……?」

「You are genuinely living……in fact……there are no traces of resurrection magic being used」

Charnaught’s golden eyes widened, then grinned.

「No……I see. This is……really quite……」

Did she feel something ridiculous, she started laughing while holding her stomach.

「Kufufu!! Ufu! Kufufufufufufufu! Kuhahahahaha!! This is great……!! It is neither god’s deed or the deep labyrinth’s deed……this is……this is just……a human’s deed……!!」

Continuing to laugh, Charnaught continued.

「ーーto be able to compel cruelty to this level……kuhahah!! Kuhahahahahaha!!! What a thing!!」

She made a huge nod, and said after turning around.

「……no, that is why……it might be because people like you exist, that humans are able to advance. Well, that’s, all……excuse me then」

「……what do……you mean?」

「What or whatever……I am just……no, I just do not want to get involved with you……or the whatever situation you are in」

Charnaught said while waving her hand backward.

「What I wish for is tranquillity. And, peace. Really when did the world became so troublesome, that I would need to be involved with such a harmless dungeon seeker……well then, see you later」

▼▼▼

ーーa few days later.

2000 meters above the ground.

Grasslands, forests, towns, and lakesーーthe scenery below passed very quickly.

A golden dragon and a red-haired girl riding on the back of that dragon.

Earth Dragon Empress Charlings and Flame Dragon Empress Balfnaught.

Just a while ago, the two of them had fused, and became the golden-eyed scorching red-haired beautiful girlーーCharnaught, however, right now, they had removed the law of fusion.

「The human world after a long time……their food culture had evolved so much. Chocolate donut……that was really delicious」

When the red-haired girl Balfnaught said that, the golden-colored dragon turned its glaring eyes towards the girl on its back.

「I cannot take a human form. And you, you ate out alone for several days……」

「A-re? Didn’t I brought lots of sweet souvenirs for Charlings」

「……you and I have a difference with size. There is no way that I would be satisfied with just 30 pieces of donuts」

「Arara〜. I’m very sorry for thaat……」

And, the girl looked towards the place far away up to the skyーーshe looked up to the Firmament, and whispered.

「……even so, that boy. Really……that was the first time that I saw such a sickening curse. Isn’t that right, Charlings?」

The golden dragon also whispered with a similar displeasure to those words.

「And so……in the end, what was that thing? No……is this really for the best? Balfnaught」

「Are you asking if we should leave it alone or not?」

「That is right. We had just exchanged a fist or two, and without properly exchanging words……we left. It is true that right now, that boy cannot become a threat to us, but……even so, isn’t he a Skill Hunter in its infancy?」

「If you are talking about that, it should be fine if he’s left alone. “That” is harmless after all」

Silence for a while.

And, the dragon opened its mouth.

「What do you mean by……harmless?」

「Un. “That” is harmless……should I explain it to you?」

「The explanation……can you wait for a while」

「n? Wait? Why?」

「That is, I know that analysis is your forte, that, I admit. It is I who had suffered for so much because of your way of thinking who is saying it. I can swear on that」

「I do not want to be told like that by you, who would forcefully flip the whole board when we were just playing shogi so sneakily」

「Well, leaving that on the side. In reality, you had understood everything with just that interaction right?」

「Not all though? I can only confidently say that I had read 98% of it」

「You can say that that’s everything. Even so, I am also counted as one of the primordial dragons. I do not like being thought from one to ten. Can I speak of my thoughts?」

Silence once again.

The dragon flapped its large wings, and ascended.

「I see. If that is so, it should be good to hear your thoughts……u〜n……should we make it in the form of me asking questions to you?」

「Let’s do that」

「Ne〜, Charlings? What……do you think?」

After pausing for a bit, the dragon opens its mouth.

「Is it about the curse that he have?」

「Un. That’s right」

「I had thought that, that curse, it is an ability of immortality that resurrects in the instant of death. On top of that……it’s a type that the owner itself doesn’t know about it」

“Un”, the girl nodded.

「You thought……means, it’s in past tense right?」

「Umu」

「Then, what do you think right now?」

Silence came once again.

However, after a while, the dragon slowly opened its mouth.

「Is it not……returning from death?」

(TL: 死に戻り Respawn / Resurrect in save point, I think)

“Kusuri”, the girl giggled.

「I’m very surprised, to think that Charlings could reach up to that with only that information」

「Did I not tell you, don’t make a fool of me alright? Although I’m like this, I am still a primordial dragon」

“Kukku”, the golden dragon laughed satisfyingly.

On top of that, did the dragon became very happy to the words “I’m surprised” that came from the red-haired girl, it narrows its eyes and nodded many times.

「Well, leaving that on the side……too bad. You’re wrong」

And there, the dragon got speechless, and got petrified for a while.

「What did you say……? I-I was quite……confident about it you know?」

「It is not returning from death. I can assure you that」

「Why is that?」

「The karma that surrounds his soulーーwith just returning from death, it would not become that much」

Receiving those words, the dragon became silent.

And finally, the dragon squeezed out a mortifying voice.

「I see……if you say so, then it might be so」

“However, if it’s like that……”, the dragon asked the girl.

「What in the world was that?」

This time, the girl became silent, and after a while, she raised her right hand’s pointing finger.

As if to reorganize inside her own head, or maybe to recheck them, she swings her finger as if it was a baton.

And, after nodding, she opened her mouth.

「”That” is……no, “that” is also……just like the god, or just like the chief of the conquering team deep within the labyrinth……he has become a prisoner of time」

「Hmm? A prisoner of time huh? From how he looks, he is just a boy in his teens though……prisoners of time should have lived for a long time……」

「As a fact, he is still in his teens you know? But, in reality, he isーー」

And there, a turbulence had appeared in the sky that the dragon was flying in.

Although stirred up by violent winds, the girl continued her words as if nothing had happened.

「He isーーーーーwhat he walkedーーーーーthe pathーーーーーーand with experience itself engravedーーーーーーthat is whyーーーーーthe conqueringーーーーーーeven normal humansーーーーーthe onlyーーーーーーーーーhe had alreadyーーーーーーvery long timeーーーーーーnumerousーーー」

Finally, the dragon passed through the turbulence.

Receiving the girl’s’ words, the dragon made an indescribable expression.

「I see. That is……that really is……grand, spectacular, and gruesome……I see」

The dragon and girl let out a deep sigh at the same time. And the silence for so many times had come again.

Unknown for how long had passed, finally the two finished their drive in the sky, and see their dwelling, the ancient forest.

And there, *Pan*, the girl clapped her hands as if to remember something.

「Ahh, come to think of it. I remembered because of that place’s labyrinth」

「What?」

「The distortion of space」

“Ahh, that huh……”, the dragon said with a voice mixed with displeasure.

「That’s true……the distortion of space is already at the level that it cannot be ignored」

「Most probably, the guys in the deepest part of the labyrinth had started to seriously challenge the last floor」

「The erosion……will it start? There’s also one who is trying to challenge us in the guild examination a while ago right?」

「Un」

「This isn’t something that is needed to be asked, but……have you noticed that we were being followed?」

「Don’t look down on me. And so……it looks like, he could also intervene with the physics calculation laws」

「It is you who is looking down on me. In the first place, one would be useless if they are unable to intervene with the physics calculation laws in the deepest floors. And so……what’s our winning percentage?」

The girl became silent again, and finally raised her right hand’s pointing finger up.

As if to reorganize inside her own head, or maybe to recheck them, once again, she swings her finger as if it was a baton.

And, after nodding and leaving a pause, she opens her mouth.

And, at the same time, the wind blows.

「ーーーー%」

「The deepest part of the labyrinth……huh. I see……」

「……where are we receiving the attack? I don’t want to lead it to our place of sleep」

「If so, you want to land on the ground around here?」

「Un, let’s do that」

「However, the erosionーーconnecting the current world and interstice world……huh」

And the dragon that looked up to the sky continued its words.

「ーーit will be stormy」





Chapter 1 - Skill Hunt (Part 1)


Return the time, soon after the end of the B-Rank Adventurer Selection Exam’s Second Examination.

ーーa red-haired girl suddenly appearing in front of Junpei and left like a storm.

While looking at the direction where she left to, Junpei whispered to himself.

「Dragon species……what the heck in the world are they……that loli granny……」

When he noticed it, the headache that he had disappeared as if it never appeared.

「Even so……」

Release of part of the memories……huh.

I thought of the announce that came inside my brain earlier.

Thinking of it normally, it should literally mean that I should remember something that is very important, but……

「U〜n……I have no idea at all」

That’s right. Even though he was told that a part of his memories would resurrect, he cannot feel anything about it at all right now.

He cannot remember anything.

“For example……”, Junpei thought.

Let us say that I had remembered 500-1000 English words in my high school life before. Even if I remembered that word on some kind of timing, would I be like “Damn, I finally remembered that word! Shit! I’m so cool!”.

Most probably, no.

Meaning, there is the possibility that I had remembered it, but I don’t know about it specifically.

……well, I should find out about it later on

Junpei thought like that with a sigh, and turned his thought to the next matter in question.

ーーExtreme Skill【Trash Box】.

Gaining this made it possible for him to freely throw away the skills that he loaded.

Up until now, both outside of the labyrinth and inside, Junpei had killed monsters and humans that have skills.

And every time, he had seen many kinds of skill cards.

For example, normally thinking, the skills of the group of S-Rank Adventurers that he met inside the labyrinth is something that most would wish for.

-Dragonoid Transformation (Master Class) ーーーーー boosts the defense powers by four times in an instant.

-Swordsmanship (Master Class)ーーーーーonly about mastering attacks that seem to be after the opponent’s but reacting first (後の先)

-God’s Protection (Master Class)ーーーーー passive skill that makes the defense power and attack power x1.5 during battle.

However, that hellish labyrinth cannot be conquered by normal means. On top of that, his status was originally shitty, so if he had used his skill slots with proper skills……that would really be The End. That’s why he gave up and threw them away.

However, if he would be able to have a selection or choice, the story would be completely different.

He felt bad for the skills that he threw away up until now……but he let go of those thoughts.

There’s nothing that can be done thinking of the past.

It was very important for him to use the perfect means that is needed for the situation.

After all, after a few months, Junpei would once again be thrown into that labyrinth of despair.

ーーthere are so many people in the outside world that possess useful skills.

For example, S-Rank Adventurers. Or maybe, Demon King-class monsters.

“Honestly speaking……”, Junpei made a sly smile.

ーーevery one of them is just ridiculous small fries.

If so, hunting a lot of skills is possible.

“I should hurry up and have an advanced job and use the rest of the time to steal skills……”, Junpei’s lips curved.

Fortunately, the ability of the skill hunt had increased, and he is now able to get the skill cards with just neutralizing the enemies without killing them.

Thinking of the recent case, kicking his enemies’ asses and binding them tightly with a rope would be enough to steal their skills.

If so, there would be no need for him to receive useless damage from killing people for his own good.

Well, he didn’t want to become such a low-life.

Normal skills are very precious because it would be gained as the result of unimaginable training and effort.

For example, exchanging a swordsmanship skill from a sword saint who have lived all his life only for the sword with a thank you note would make his heart ache after all.

That’s why, Junpei plans on choosing the people who he would steal the skills from.

And fortunately for him, the people in this world was normally scums.

「If that is so……I could get all that I want huh. Well, anyways, that’s great for me」

After he whispered that, Junpei rolled his eyes and laughed.

「To think that the day that I would be thankful for this dumb shit world would come」

“Although……”, Junpei thought.

The words “repeating life and death” that the dragon species girl left.

And, the announcement inside his head saying that a part of his memories was revived.

He could not make anything out of it, but the situation didn’t change.

“Leaving that on the side”, Junpei regained himself and made a huge nod.

「At the least, gaining the extreme skill makes a drastic change in the situation. Since I gained a skill like this……I can do all that I want in the outside world. After a few months, even gathering all of the S-Rank adventurers, they might not be my match」

After letting out a light sigh, Junpei returned to the shade of the tree where he was sitting on earlier.

He sat leaning his back to the tree, and took the paper bag that fell sideways.

And then, he took out the remaining sandwich in the bag, and opened his mouthーーーーhowever, he should his head lightly.

He was starving, but cannot feel hunger.

Well, having that kind of thing happening in an instant, he cannot be blamed……

And when he just thought of that, a cheerful voice called out to him.

「Ohh〜! Isn’t that a delicious looking sandwich?」

The same age with Junpei. A short black-haired girl wearing leather shorts and tank-top that shows a lot of skin.

「……yeah, not only looks, but it’s really delicious. It can’t be compared with the proper bread shops in our world before……but it’s still even with those lined up in the convenience stores」

Well-trimmed brows, and light make-up. Excluding nobles and prostitutes, she could be described as well groomed in this world.

「Eh?! Are you serious?」

Meeting her in the second examination, the teleporter that came through a different route with Junpei and the othersーーSakaguchi Ami let out a dumbfounded voice with the words “even with those lined up in the convenient stores” that Junpei used.

「Yeah, I’m serious alright?」

「You, if you’re really saying that it’s even with the convenience stores……that’s very well a miracle in this world you know?」

“Well, that should be the case”, Junpei thought.

The pepper and spices that were carelessly lined up in Japan could be traded in this world with the same weight as gold.

In this world, the description of “delicious in the level of convenience store food” is in fact, the best kind of compliment in this world.

「Well, the food made by the female owner where I’m staying at is actually miraculously delicious after all」

「Fu〜n……」

Ami opened her mouth with wistful eyes.

「And then, so, why are you putting that sandwich that is super delicious……inside that bag? Are you full?」

「Yeah, I’m full, or you could say, I’m not hungry. That’s why right now, I’m actually putting it back inside the bag」

「No, you, from how the conversation went, shouldn’t you ask me something like “Then, if you want, would you like to have it?” right around now?」

Bending her brows in the shape of へ, Ami made a frowning face.

Looking at that face, Junpei snickered.

「Then, it’s half-eaten, but if you really want it?」

After putting the sandwich in the paper bag, he hands it to Ami.

Nodding her head very quickly, Ami received the paper bag.

She opened the bag, and Ami happily ate the sandwich.

「I mean, it’s really my leftovers though……you didn’t had any hesitations. You’re quite a glutton huh……」

Ami raised her thumb towards Junpei who was rolling his eyes while making a dazzling smile.

「If you start worrying about such a useless thing in this world, you won’t survive you know……I mean, this……it’s really delicious」

「Didn’t I say that, Okami-san’s food is really delicious」

「I see. If that is so, take me to your inn next time. I would really like to eat different dishes」

「Ah〜……if you’d only told me earlier, I could’ve just ordered food, but, the inn I’m staying at is quite expensive you know?」

“That, well”, Ami then said while smiling.

「Isn’t it normal for a guy, to treat a girl?」

Junpei couldn’t help but make a wry smile.

「Okay〜. If the two of us passes successfully, I’ll take you there for celebration」

「Eh? I said it as a joke though……in the first place, you don’t have any reasons to treat me」

Towards Ami who made a surprised face, Junpei shrugged.

「Let’s not then?」

*BunBun*, Ami shook her head.

「No, my motto in this world is take everything that I could get even if it’s garbage after all!」

Junpei stared intently at that expression of Ami.

「By the way……」

「n? What?」

「You……you didn’t fix your make-up or anything right?」

「When did I get the time to do that?」

「Well, that’s true though……」

In the next instant, Junpei, unconsciouslyーーsaid some strange words.

「Hey, you……were you really……this beautiful?」

Originally, Ami’s facial features were very good.

There’s no doubt that she is a beauty……but when they had first met, that was all of the impression Junpei had on her.

“However……”, Junpei thought. For some reason, he could see her as a matchless beauty right now.

He doubted that it might be the kind of skill like【Mimicry】or【Charm】, but that is impossible in this situation.

If there were a difference before or after lunch, it would be the chance meeting with the dragon species, gaining an extreme skill, and release of a part of his memory.

ーーrelease of a part of memory?

Junpei felt that he was catching on something in his headーーhowever, Junpei could only click his tongue, unable to reach what it was.

On the other hand, Ami’s reaction was, her eyes widened, and her cheeks flushed with red.

ーーwhat a slip of the tongue. Why did I say something like that. T-This is bad……

Although Junpei thought like that, he could not come up with words to say.

「……」

「……」

With her cheeks red as an apple, Ami agitatedly said.

「……what are you saying?」

Junpei scratched his cheek with a finger.

「No, don’t mind it」

「No, I really mind it?」

「……no, that’s why I’m saying, forget what I said just now」

「……no, that’s why I’m saying, I can’t forget what you said?」

While shaking his head, Junpei made a bitter expression.

「It was just a slip of the tongue. A shocking thing just happen earlier……so my spirit was just a little unbalanced」

Junpei stood up as if to brush it off.

「Well then, the lunch break will end soon……let’s go?」

“Un”, she nodded, and Ami stood up.

「……why are you holding my hand?」

「Although I’m like this……I’m quite, an active type you know?」

After mischievously smiling, Ami shows her activeness by tightly gripping Junpei’s hand.

「……please, just don’t mind what I said earlier」

“Yareyare”, Junpei shrugged his shoulders, and took off his hand from Ami’s.





Chapter 1 - Skill Hunt (Part 2)


「The start of the third examination is 6 o’clock in the morning. The period of the test would be for several days so take care of your own preparations. So, with that, disperse♪」

The examiner Judy’s sweet voice.

Receiving those words, the group dispersed together with a clicking of tongues.

When they thought that the lunch break ended it was this. Anyways, they cannot find out everything about the time schedule of this exam just before it starts. It was natural that they would click they tongues.

This time, “several days” was designated again but no one knows how many days specifically.

Following that, many of them went to buy water, food, and change of underwear so that they could deal with whatever would happen.

Or rather, those who would not do that would be very daring or just stupid……by the way, one of those exists.

It is Junpei.

He in the first place has a stockpile of things inside his item box that he could live for several months, or maybe several years inside the labyrinth. Because of that, there is no need for him to buy food or ingredients.

However, he does not have anything urgent so he decided to take a stroll in the town and buy spice and seasonings that he liked, and several lifestyle miscellaneous things.

「If there’s only curry powder, that would be the best help though〜……」

According to people who are well-versed in survival, even meat that is half rotten, as long as there is curry powder, leaving aside its cleanliness, you would be able to eat it in the meaning of you won’t throw it out.

However, this is a world where red and black peppers have ridiculous prices.

「Well……before I return to the labyrinth, I should hunt a huge lot of those shitty bastards and get a lot of money. It’s true that spices are……needed for a decent eating habit」

He got very enthusiastic in his stroll, and it looks like several hours had passed when he noticed it.

The shade of the sky was already dyed with a light vermillion color, and it was around the sunset.

And there, Junpei walked to the city’s main street, and entered a small dirty pub.

「Give me wine……and something light with this」

He placed a few coins on the counter.

And then, the skinhead master nodded without saying anything and collected the coins.

And after that, Junpei moved to the inner part of the store, and sat on a table for two.

And there, a new customer entered the pub after him.

「I will have a cocktail with rum and apple juice……and dried meat, cheese, and bread as well」

The girl who said that with a high pitched voice placed a few coins on the counter.

And then moved to the inner part of the store, and slowly sat in front of Junpei.

「……I don’t remember letting you sit down though?」

The one who sat with Junpei was the girl he met in the second examinationーーit’s Ami.

「I don’t remember being told that sitting here was prohibited though?」

The girl mischievously smiled, and Junpei let out a sigh.

「Isn’t it fine, it’s not like you’d lose something. Eating food is more delicious with two people than alone you know?」

「……I really got involved with a troublesome person huh」

「It’s what they call the good thing of having a fellow traveler」

「This is not Japan you know. It’s a different world where no one’s kind to others. Those who gives kindness would get devoured to their bones」

He coldly said, and Junpei gestured to Ami “go away” with his right hand.

「Really……what an unapproachable man」

「I don’t plan on getting anyone near me after all」

「Yes, yes. Well then, for the mean time, shall we talk about other things?」

「You didn’t hear what I said at all, huh」

Junpei rolled his eyes and smiled.

And then, Ami made a grinning smile.

「Hey, out! You smiled right now!」

Towards Ami who points a finger towards him while saying that, Junpei clicked his tongue.

It was true that he could not help but soften his lips lightly because of Ami’s pace that completely ignores his intent.

「So what if I smiled?」

「Since you smiled, take responsibility and eat together with me!」

「What responsibility is that……」

「Smiles and conversations are the best spices for food you know?」

Towards Ami who innocently smiled, Junpei once again lets out a deep sigh.

And, he shrugged his shoulders as if to say “yareyare”.

「Okay, I got it……I lose」

It looks like the Thief gained her win in a verbal battle against the strongest Skill Hunter.

「Hehe, I did it!」

「We’re only eating okay? After we eat I’ll go home immediately okay?」

The pub’s waitress brought Junpei and Ami’s drinks.

「Well then, cheers」(Kanpai)

Junpei returned a nod to Ami’s words.

「Un, cheers……oh hey, I’ll only drink one okay? I’ll really go home quickly okay?」

Drinking once and never stop is a common occurrence to those who likes to drink alcohol, at any age and at any place.

Or rather, the store that he entered in just a coincidence was too good.

The food had a strong taste that made them drink alcohol, and the most hateful part was it tastes great.

There was deep-fried food like ones in the convenience stores and potato chips together with it.

And when it came to the potato chips, Ami and Junpei started to eat it so quickly even stealing each other’s share when it came out.

If the snacks are good, it was inevitable that the drinking would continue.

And if the drinking continues, additional food would be ordered.

When the food comes, the drinks would not be enough, and if drinks were ordered, the food would not be enough.

In the end, it would make the customers leave with full stomach, or maybe throw it all outーー

ーーmeaning, the situation that Junpei is currently in is a……bog.

Well, if he really meant it, Junpei has the skill【All Status Ailments Resistance】.

Following that, he could return to his normal state with just the toxicity of alcohol anytime, but he was not boorish that he would do that in a seating of drinking.

The rambling session did not stop.

The abnormality of the different world from the view of earthlings. Or maybe, genuine worries or problems on Earth.

A conversation that barely mentioned about their own private life continued with the exchange of jokes.

Leaving aside Kido Shouta and his cronies……it’s the first person who came from the same hometown that Junpei could talk with, ever since he came to this world.

Or maybe, it could be said that she was an understanding person that could tell some of the environment he was in.

There is no doubt that it was with the help of alcohol, but the greatest reason for staying so long was……the place he was in right now was very comfortable.

However, an angry shout that disturbs that comfortable feeling echoed from behind Junpei.

「Aann? Are you picking a fight on this A-Rank adventurer……Eureka-sama?」

From how they look, a large man whose height exceeded two meters was drinking something that seems to be whiskey from a tankard.

「I’m very sorry, I’m very sorry」

The apologizing attitude of the female waitress that could not lighten the claim of the large man.

「Right now, you passed a dish of food to me right?」

「……yes」

「And, you slipped your hand, and scattered all of it on the table. No, not only that……you, you scattered it to my fucking pants!」

「However, that is, dear customer……this might be rude, but I saw it that you were the one who did not receive it properly, because you were drunk, or maybe you did it intentionally…」

「AHH?! Oi, are you fucker looking down on me?! You bitch, you dare to play with words with me!! Oi, Master?!」

The master that was cooking within the counter nervously asked the large man.

「……Ye-Yes!……what is it?」

「I’ll have this woman for one night alright? The sin of making a fool of an A-Rank adventurer……I’ll teach it to her properly with her own body alright?」

However, with all of his courage, the master said this to the large man.

「I am very sorry, our store is not that kind of store……we will not ask for a charge, so please just leaーー」

「AANN? Are you fucker also picking a fight with me?!!」

Was he using a skill, his shout was filled with coercion and evil intent.

It was a shout that if there were ones who have weak hearts, their hearts would stop, it was an unpleasant heavy voice that echoes deep inside.

The master thought about something for a while……and as if he has given up, he shook his head.

「Our store is not “that” kind of store. However, I cannot stop the freedom to love of my workers……the rest should be decided by you and her」

“Hehe”, the large man who heard that laughed with a lecherous smile.

The female waitress was in tears and looked around, looked towards the regular customers to ask for help.

But, no one met her gaze, every one of them looked down.

That should be the case, the opponent is an A-Rank adventurer, and at worst, he would have connections with justice institution.

Even if they called out attempted rape to the guardsmen, not only would they not have ears to listen, there is the possibility of getting imprisoned instead with a groundless crime of defamation.

As a fact, leaving aside if the case this time would be forgiven, A-Rank adventurers are given some extraterritorial rights.

If there were a case where they would stop hunting monsters, several or maybe several tens of villages would fall in a year, and it is not strange that it would be the start of a bitter destruction of a regional city.

That is why they would have connections with those with state power, and they can do almost all they want.

Although making a mortifying expression, still, the customers left the store one by one.

No one knows what would happen once they tried to defy, and most of all, it is an opponent who could knock them out with a flick of a finger. If that is so, it was a wise decision to quickly leave the place.

Junpei also thought like that, and sent words to Ami.

「……let’s leave?」

Towards Junpei who suddenly made a serious expression and was clad with a pressuring air, Ami asked with surprise.

「It felt up until earlier……that you were a little drunk……was it just an act?」

“No”, Junpei shook his head.

「This is a skill. Poison can’t harm me to some extent. The toxicity of alcohol is something that I can heal in an instant if I want to」

「Well that’s, quite a convenient skill……」

Ami made a little disgusted expression.

「And so……is that a skill too? You should’ve drunk about ten cocktails……but I can’t see any redness?」

「My parents were from Kyushu after all……with just ten cocktails, I’m just a little tipsy……I think?」

「Well that’s also amazing……」

「Well, my father, he was a person who would empty a bottle of whiskey every other day after all」

「……he’d destroy his liver though?」

Towards Junpei’s words, Ami had eyes looking at far away, and made an indescribable expression.

「Thinking of it right now, maybe he was just a step to having cirrhosis. If the day comes that I can return to Japan, I want to go home bringing a magical potion from this world, but……」

「……I see」

“Leaving that on the side……”, Junpei opened his mouth.

「Let’s hurry up and leave」

「Un……we’re about to take the examination tomorrow, so I don’t want to get in trouble right now」

「Well then, let’s separate here todayーー」

However, the A-Rank adventurer large man called out to them with quite a good mood.

「Ohh? That cute girl over there……are you from another world?」

Ami openly furrowed her eyebrows.

「……there’s no need to answer so I won’t. I’ll leave the store, so……see you later」

Ami took a snappish attitude.

However, the large man walked to her without caring about that.

「Well, well……I was just tired of digging normal women. Those who have black hair are rare after all. Also, they say that women from another world feels good and tight right?」

Ami opened her mouth while feeling nauseated to the straightforward vulgarity.

「……sorry, I am going home right now」

「Well, well, don’t be so cold……I’m an A-Rank adventurer」

「……you said it so loud so I know that」

「Starting tomorrow, I’m leaving the city to go on a dangerous monster hunting trip. I have the Heroic-class skill【Rise of the Herculean】that boosts my attack power by 650 but……if things go south, even I might lose my life. It isn’t a safe job after all」

*Pikuri*, Junpei’s ear moved.

「Oi, wait a second……plus 650 you say? Even National Treasure Class weapons could only increase it by 200 right? What kind of absurd skill is that」

「What the heck are you talking about?」

「Eh?」

「200 boost in attack power with National Treasure Class weapon you say……well, of course, that’s……when only it’s as it is」

「As it is?」

「Why the heck do you don’t know about that. Swordsmen would start to show the true value of their weapon when they got the swordsmanship skill. It’s completely different letting a swordsman hold a sword compared to letting a magician hold one」

「……?」

「If you have the swordsmanship skill, the multiplier of the attack power would be 1.5x with beginner class, 3x with heroic class, and 4x the attack power of the weapon itself at super class」

「……it was like that」

It’s true that the mythological class material which is the Cerberus’ Canine, only having 250 attack power leaving aside that it was yet to be processed was……shabby, Junpei thought.

Junpei made a grin, but no one has noticed it.

Furrowing her brows, Ami begged with distress.

「……please leave me alone. I have an important thing to do tomorrow」

「The existence called “me” is important for the whole humanity. How many A-Rank adventurers exists in the world? I am part of what they call the chosen ones, the privileged class, and you commoners have the obligation to “attend” me. Well, it’s only me who can hunt those troublesome monsters that any other can, so that is very natural though」

The large man said that in a hurry and “Gahaha”, he laughed lecherously.

「Well, I won’t say that it’s for free. Let me do you with 1 silver coin」

The man grabbed Ami’s hand. Ami tries to shake him off.

「Hehe, it’s no use, I won’t let you run away. Black haired women are really rare……if I don’t “get” you right now……I might lose the experience that I should’ve taken for my whole life……」

「Please stop……please……」

「Fufufu……it’s that what they call “no, no” is also yes? Even if they hate it at first, there are no woman that can’t fall with my technique」

「No, I’m telling you……」

And there, Junpei stood up and grabbed the man’s shoulder.

「What the fuck are you?」

「She’s with me. Can you stop it?」

「Aa? You……what the fuck……did you just say? I felt that I heard something impossible?」

「I just asked you to stop it?」

To Junpei’s words, the large man laughed out loud ridiculously.

「Haha!……I see! I see, I see, I know it now! You’re either some hick bastard that doesn’t know how the world works, just an idiot! I am very generous! I make it that I never heard what you said soーーget lost!」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders lightly, and continued his words.

「That’s why, I’m telling you to stop it, she’s with me」

The large man got blue veins popping out of his temples.

「I see. It looks like you won’t get it if you don’t feel pain」

ーー*Pachiri*

Junpei dug his pockets, and placed one gold coin on the table.

*Pachiri*

*Pachiri*

*Pachiri* , *Pachiri* , *Pachiri*

Adding five gold coinsーーa total of six.

When it reached in 3 million worth in Japanese yen ($30k), the colors of the man’s eyes changed. In addition, Junpei bowed his head.

「She’s with me……can you let us go with this?」

「Hehe……what is it, you! Aren’t you a great guy! To think that someone would pay me 6 gold coins just to stop picking up girls, what a good day!」

It looks like he meant that as “just” picking up girls.

“Isn’t that what they call rape……”, Junpei rolled his eyes.

However, *BashiBashi*, the large man tapped Junpei’s shoulders happily while making an innocent smile.

「Oi you? You want to drink with me? I’ll treat you. What, don’t get shy! It was your money in the first place! Hahahahahaha!」

「I’ll hold back on it……see you later」

And just like that, Junpei gestured Ami to follow him, and left the store.

The both of them walked the night city with silence.

It cannot be compared with the neon lights in the nights of modern Japan, but……they walked with the help of the faint lights that was coming from the stores.

「……why did you pay money?」

「It’s the best way to take care of that situation after all. Did you hate me now for being a coward?」

Ami shook her head towards Junpei’s question.

「U〜n. It’s the opposite……I thought……”what a strong person”」

Junpei’s heart raced because of the unexpected words.

「What do you mean by that? I lowered my head and pay money you know?」

「You……you’re really strong right? I don’t know why you’re participating in that kind of exam but……from how I see it, you are at least A-Rank……u〜un, you might have the strength of an S-Rank」

In reality, he had far exceeded the S-Rank but……leaving that on the side.

“This is bad”, Junpei thought.

The thing that happened before, acrobatically jumping from tower to tower just like a ninja, and the landing a kick on Judy might have been too shocking for Ami.

That is rightーー

ーーhe landed a clean kick in the face of an S-Rank adventurer.

For Junpei, it was a simple thing to land a kick on the slow-poke Judy, but it looks like in the outside world, it was a ridiculous thing.

That fact was clearly proven by the genuine expression that Ami made at that time.

Adding to that, there are doubts that he might have gotten so carried away at the second examination.

「……no, it isn’t that much. I’m just around B-Rank, after all, I came to take the B-Rank examination. And so……where’s the inn you’re staying?」

「Un……I mean, it’s fine around here you know?」

「You just got picked on by some weird guy. I’m worried so I’ll send you to your inn. You might think it’s unnecessary meddling, but you should just take it honestly」

“KusuKusu”, Ami started to giggle a laugh.

「Well, let’s leave it that the reason that we enjoyed talking so much is because of the alcohol. But although you were saying that you don’t want me to follow you around, aren’t you meddling with me……come to think of it, it was also like that when we first met」

Thinking for a moment, Junpei answered with a wry smile.

「Well, it’s just a whim」

And then, the two arrived at the inn that seems to be the place Ami is staying.

「Un. Thanks for today. I’ll count on you tomorrow too okay」

「I’ll say this once again but, I’m planning to move alone. I don’t have time to play with you okay」

Junpei who said that waved his hand backwards, and started to walk back to the road they passed earlier.

The one that appeared in his mind was the large man from earlier.

Raising the corner of his lips, Junpei whispered as if to spit out.

「Well, I’m not planning to end it just like this after all」



“What a strong person” - same nuance with what Noriko said to Junpei before.





Chapter 1 - Skill Hunt (Part 3)


The A-Rank adventurer Eureka Madonel is in a great mood.

His weekly salary is about 2 to 5 gold coins, 1 million yen to 2.5 million yen when converted to Japanese yen.

Keeping that in mind, the special bonus that he got in the pub earlier could be considered as a decent sum. It was fortunate meeting that boy.

It looks like that boy although he looked dirty, he is a very rich kid.

*Pe*, Eureka spat out.

「Damn, I failed……I should’ve gotten closer to that brat……and extorted him to the limit. He’s a coward who would throw away that much money just for his woman. It should’ve been possible to extort him……」

He is an adventurer who is always beside danger.

He was able to continuously advance his career up to A-Rank, but his true feelings could be described as……he does not want to take quest at all.

He has seen tens, hundreds, no, maybe a few hundreds of martyrs up until now.

That is why he knows that it is a job that has a high income. However, he thinks that rather than leaving for an expedition where he would need to bet his life on, it is better to extort or threaten someone and get a lot of money.

In that meaning, for Eureka, getting a huge sum without risk and hard work is no other than good fortune that is why today, he is quite loose.

If one were to ask what is the most important ability that an adventurer must have, anyone would answer that it is the ability to sense danger.

Masters of swords and masters of magic, it is not like they are masters from the start.

They all had times when they were trainees and if they have encountered a strong monster at that time……there is no doubt that their lives had ended before they became masters.

Anyways, be it skills or sixth sense, or maybe from experience, the ability to sense danger is what an adventurer must have.

Of course, Eureka who is an A-Rank adventurer has the ability to sense danger that is above average.

In his case, he uses all the experience and knowledge that he has to dodge encounters with dangerous monsters, butーー

ーーit is just, today, his ability to sense danger did not work at all. And Eureka met the worst class of demon.

It might be because he is drunk.

Or maybe, he thinks that nothing would happen inside the city.

Adding to that, he might have the thoughts that there is no way that someone would attack an overwhelming strong existence like an A-Rank adventurer inside the city.

Or perhaps, the demon’s evasion status that transcends human sense might have evaded even Eureka’s ability to sense danger.

Anyways, he has been struck by a disaster.

In a corner at the back alleys, a god of death clad in his cloak with his back to a dirty wall that looks like it would collapse anytimeーーappeared in front of Eureka.

「Yo. Hello to you again」

Eureka narrowed his eyebrows dubiously to Junpei’s words that he said leisurely while raising his had.

「Oi, you……the air around you is very different, but……are you that rich kid from earlier?」

「Rich kid……? Ahh, you mean that……you took it like that huh……well, that’s fine too?」

Eureka places his hand in his pocket and took out a calling card.

「Do you……or your father, or someone you know have interest in artifacts? From rare rank S to……National Treasure Class items and equipments, I have them in stock. I’m searching for guys who are interested in them. Ahh, of course, I know that I don’t need to say this but, it is a deal with ridiculously rare items so inevitably, I’m searching for ridiculously rich guys」

「What do you mean?」

Eureka took out a gold colored necklace from his pocket.

「This is an artifact with a rarity of the National Treasure Class. It has the effects of nullifying the status ailments of Sleep」

Junpei immediately activated【Appraisal Eyes】.

And there, Junpei laughed.

Not mentioning being a rare item, it was not even “gold”. It is a copper necklace with a gold coating.

Most probably, it’s something like a present for low-class women.

In short, Eureka is planning on selling that trash for a ridiculously high price.

「Alright, that’s enough. Don’t get near to me. You’re smell of too much alcohol」

「Oh……what happened to you?」

「Also, you? Give me back the money from earlier」

With those words, Eureka made a dumbfounded expression.

「Unfortunately, I’m not that rich you know?」

「Stop joking. There’s no way that a guy who would immediately pay 6 gold coins would be not wealthy. You’re a kid of a huge merchant or a noble right?」

「What a stupid bastard. There’s no way that a well-groomed guy would eat food in a dirty pub like that」

Eureka got silent for a while, then sent hostile looks to Junpei.

「You just got a huge some money today by chance…………and you really need to recover it huh? Unfortunately, I won’t give you a single cent?」

「What an oblivious bastard……」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders while rolling his eyes.

Eureka looked around then said to Junpei with a smile.

「This place doesn’t have many people and there’s no light as well. There would be no witnesses. Even if guardsmen appear here……there’s no way that I would fail and get caught. There’s no way that I would get caught red-handed, and even if I did, I have connections with the law enforcers」

「……well, that must be true」

「Let’s say that an unfortunate murder case happens here……in that case, who would be the most troubled?」

「Well, it would be the side who gets kills. A witness wouldn’t exist after all……」

Junpei continued almost laughing.

「……it’s exactly as you say, it’s impossible to get caught red-handed」

「That’s right. In the case where a murder case happens here, the one who would be most troubledーー」

Junpei and Eureka both held their laughs.

And the two, pausing for a very long time……said these words at the same time.

「「You would get troubled the most」」

Eureka made an imposing face, but he started to laugh at Junpei’s unexpected reaction while he shook head.

「This is so funny, you brat! Are you a masochist or suicidal?」

「Ann? I’m not a masochist or suicidal you know?」

Eureka made a dubious expression to Junpei who was full of composure.

「I can’t understand……I can’t understand at all……」

「What?」

「I’m an A-Rank adventurer you know?」

「Of course I know?」

With an expression that shows confusion from the bottom of this heart, Eureka asked Junpei.

「Why……why are you not afraid of me? Why are you not in awe? You don’t look like just a fool……I can’t understand……」

「Ahh, you mean that……this will be on a different topic, but」

Saying that, Junpei made a mischievous expression.

「Do you want to play a quiz with me?」

「A quiz?」

「Yeah, right now, there’s this on me」

There was something in between Junpei’s right thumb and pointing finger.

ーーthat, it is a finger.

It is a human’s middle finger that was cut with something sharp.

「……eh? A finger? What’s the heck’s with that?」

Junpei answered with a cool face.

「As I’ve thought, you couldn’t even react huh……well, I even used【Acceleration】after all. U〜n……let me see. For the meantime, I could only say. If you look at your left hand, you’ll get happy you know?」

A second later, Eureka checked his own left palm, and lost his words.

「What the……?」

A fountain of blood was gushing out of Eureka’s middle finger.

「I’m just saying that your middle finger was cut off」

To Junpei with a composed face, Eureka asked with great surprise.

「What……what did you fucking do?」

「Well, it’s very simple. Just right now……I approached you with a super high speed. And took away one of your finger」

「What……the fuck are you saying? I couldn’t even see it? There’s no way that that would happen, unless the highest rank of SSS-Rank class adventurer does it」

By the way, in the system of the adventurer’s guild, the highest rank is only up to S-Rank, and the rank SSS does not exist.

「I just said, the facts though?」

There finally, Eureka took out a cloth from his pocket, and started to exert pressure on his wrist’s veins to stop the bleeding.

While doing that, he was using his head the best he could to analyze the current situation, but he could not come up with an answer after all.

「What the heck is really happening? With me not noticing it during a conversation……unless, it’s a high tier illusionist……」

「The answer is simple. I exceed the S-Rank class. The SSS-Rank adventurer that you’re talking about……you could just say that I’m at the same level with that?」

Eureka finally started to feel fear to Junpei who said that as if it was nothing.

His drunkenness disappeared in an instant and his senses and his sixth sense sharpened.

「Ah……」

「n? What?」

「You……what……are you……?」

In this instant, it looks like he finally realized correctly that this is a place of death.

Junpei who saw that frightened expression

「In a few words, a god of death」

「God of……death……?」

Cold sweat would not stop coming out of Eureka’s back.

All the hairs on his body stood up, and he could not move as if he was frozen. His body would not move at all.

That, he feels a difference between their strength just like when he was only a rookie adventurer……like the shock that he got when he first saw an A-Rank adventurer, no, the difference might be more than that.

「And so……you?」

Asked by Junpei, *Biku!*, Eureka answered with the back of his voice.

「Yi……Yis!!」

「For the meantime, can you get tied up?」

「Eh?! Tied up?」

「You don’t want to?」

Eureka got silent for a while.

Eureka’s sixth sense was telling him to listen to what he says, listen to him and not make him angry because it is already over for him.

On the other hand, his pride of being able to reach the rank of A-Rank adventurer was saying that a A-Rank adventurer who feels defeated to an unknown small-fry looking bastard……there’s no way that an idiot like that would exist.

「……」

One second.

Two seconds.

Three seconds.

Four seconds.

Those two feelings contested.

When his silence had passed five seconds, in Eureka’s eyes, the start of Junpei’s movementsーーalthough very faintly, he saw it. Or rather, in that mere instant, Junpei’s body blurred……or maybe, he felt that he saw him overlapping, twice or thrice.

Fearfully, slowly, he looked at his own left hand feeling something bad……then looked up to the sky.

Following his middle finger, it was his little finger that he lost.

On top of that, it was just because he did not reply for five seconds that his opponent made him lost that unhesitatingly.

「Haha, there’s no doubt then」

「No doubt?」

What Eureka is thinking right now. That isーー

「Today’s a ridiculously unlucky day. This is worst than the time when my back was dug up by a veteran senpai, when I took my first quest from the guild that needed to stay out」

“Yeah”, Junpei nodded.

「If it’s me, I won’t let you off with just your butt hole. I can take your balls in an instant after all」

Receiving those words, Eureka made crosses in his head many times.

「Yes, yes, I understand alright. I should just get tied up right. I’m not so stupid that I would fight a battle without a chance on winning」

Seemingly have given up, he kneeled down, then took a prone position.

What Junpei used to tie him up were the chains that he took from the torture-loving pervert that he met in the labyrinth.

Its material is orihalcon that is even called as the “God’s Metal”.

Even Sakakibara who used the skill【Acceleration】before and exceeded the ranks of S-Rank class was not able to do anything about this chains.

Well, Junpei himself who is far stronger than them was not able to do anything when he was tied up by this so you could say that it is only normal.

That orihalcon tied up Eureka’s hands and feet making him like a caterpillar that could only creep forward.

「Your skill……it’s called【Rise of the Herculean】right?」

The instant the Eureka’s heart broke completely, light particles appeared from the surface of his body and made one card.

Junpei nodded with satisfaction and opened his mouth.

「I’ll gratefully use it for you」

At the same time, he places the Cerberus’s Canine to his left wrist.

「Also……I’ll leave your right hand so be thanks okay」

Saying that, he cuts off his wrist.

Blood flowed out like a fountain but Junpei immediately took out a string from his waist, ties it up to Eureka’s artery around his elbow, applying pressure to stop the bleeding.

Following that, Junpei removed the chains that restrained him. And while he did that, he did not forget to take out a cloth bagーーthe wallet from Eureka’s pocket.

「I’ll take back my money……n? You even have 36 gold coins in total huh. Well, whatever. I’ll take out the exceeding sum. Also, it would be better if you go to a doctor. What I did right now is just an amateur treatment. If you let it as it is……you’ll probably die. Well, that isn’t something that I need to remind an A-Rank adventurer-sama though」

After saying just that, Junpei left that place while waving his hand backward.

「I don’t need to say this, but……it’s just my kindness that I didn’t kill you right now. If you tell anybody about me, you know right? I hate standing out」

Eureka shook his head vertically many times to Junpei’s slowly leaving back.

And finally, Junpei disappeared into the darkness.

If the words Junpei said is true……thinking of that, Eureka checked his own status plate. And then, looked up to the sky.

「……my skill……my best skill……the【Rise of the Herculean】……it……it isn’t……here? T-That guy……he……he ate……the skill?」

Not knowing the concept of Skill Hunt, all that he could do was lose his words.

He looked down to the end of his left hand that wouldn’t move from his wrist.

「Really, what an unlucky day. My adventurer rank……how far would it go down」

ーーthe reason that he fell down to that place, it was not only because of losing blood.





Name : Takeda Junpei Thesaurus Points : 100

Level Up : 1158 → 1160

Bonus Points Gained : 10

Status

Job : Skill Hunter Level : 1160

HP : 1840 MP : 180

Attack Power : 300 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5) Defense Power : 425 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5)

Evasion Efficiency : 4400 (Junpei’s basic stat : 3855)

Equipments

Main : Magic Beast’s Canine (Mythological Class)

※Infused with God Killer attribute

Sub : S&W M57 Forty-one caliber Magnum (National Treasure Class)

※Bullets replenished using magic powers. No strengthening

Armor : Sword Saint’s Light Armor (Rare : Rank S)

※Defense Power +145 / Attack Power +45

Shield : Aegis’ Shield (Legendary Class)

※Defense Power +250 / Evasion Efficiency + 300

Mantle : Cloak of Evasion (Rare : Rank A)

※Passive that increases the basic Evasion Efficiency to 1.5 times

Shoes : Tenma no Tabi (National Treasure Class)

※Defense Power + 30 / Evasion Efficiency + 245

Skill (Skill Slot: 6 Remaining)

Appraisal Eyes (Super-Class)

Trash Box (Ultimate)



———————————————————————————————-

All Status Ailments Resistance

Butcher (Super-Class)

Monster Tame (Beginner Class)

Mimicry (Super-Class)

Acceleration (Special)



· Rise of the Herculean (Heroic-Class) / Attack Power + 650

Attributes

Undead King

※Changing Body Composition. Just like an undead, its body fluid, blood, and, meat would become a very strong neurotoxin.

Tamed Monsters

Pure Slime

Pandemic Slime

Sand Slime





Chapter 2 - Third Examination


The next day.

A group is running at a slow pace in a deep fogged woodlands.

Adding the ten people who passed the second examination and the twenty who are seeded, a total of 30 people.

No, more specifically, deducting the red-haired girl, there are 29 people.

The examinees shut their mouth to the deepness of the fog. More specifically, the deep fog where they could only see 2 meters ahead.

And within that thick fog, running for about two hours.

Many of the third examination participants had fed up expressions.

However, that does not mean that that shows fatigue.

Every one of them is a strong person and their basic physical abilities are high. That is why there is no way that they would get tired slowly running for around two hours.

ーーif we’re going to run, let’s run properly. How irritating.

In short, that is what they meant by being fed up.

For guys who trained to some extent, running at the speed of 10km/hr is something that could be only described as irritating.

Although, it seems that the examiner Judy who is running at the forefront is of course, well aware of that.

She turns around, looked at the bored expressions of the examinees one by one, and grins.

And there, Junpei narrowed his eyebrows.

“With Judy’s expression right now, some should notice right……?”, He thought.

「Hey, Ami?」

Junpei said to Ami who is running beside him.

「n? What is it?」

「……do you know where we are?」

From what Junpei guessesーーright now, the ones who accurately grasps the situation is a little more than have of the participants. The remaining others have already dropped out, or maybe about to drop out, just hanging by a thread.

「Where, you say……? This is the Heat Haze Desert right?」

*Hyuu*, Junpei whistled.

「Well then, the next question. Roughly, how far is the adventurer’s guild from here? Also, how long has passed since we started running?」

Thinking for a while, Ami answers.

「……my sense of time isn’t tricked so, about a little longer than two hours…… the distance is probably a little more than a hundred kilometers. It’s just, my sense of distance is being tricked, so I don’t have much confidence」

“Un”, Junpei nodded.

In fact, they have already exceeded a hundred kilometers from the adventurer guild’s branch long ago.

「I’ll confirm this. What do you mean by being tricked?」

「From the start point, about 30 minutes to an hour, it was really a slow marathon. But, from then on……we were running in ridiculous speed」

In other words, as a matter of fact, they are running several times of the world record for the marathon in Earth, and Junpei and the others have run up to this distance.

Even if they are examinees who are participating in the B-Rank examination, it is not easy to maintain that amount of speed for an hour. Not mentioning that those who have magician class jobs would have quite a lot of burden.

Moreover, it is an abnormal situation where the person itself is completely believing that they are running at a slow pace.

As a result, a few people have already dropped out. They run continuously until they exhaust their stamina without noticing, and finally disappear without notice.

「However, unexpectedly, you can follow with ease huh?」

「Well, my job has the characteristic of being light after all」

「About you……I don’t expect anything about your fighting strength, but it looks like you have the minimum skills that a thief should have huh」

「Thinking about where the guild branch is built, doesn’t this desert look like a great examination stage? Since it’s a desert stage, it is natural that one should at least have countermeasures for hallucinations and illusion techniques」

“Yeah”, Junpei nodded once again.

「If you know that much then there’s no problem」

That’s right.

The fatal mistake that Judy did earlier.

She turned around within the deep fog where one can only see two meters ahead and looked at the group of examinees. Although it is a situation where they are muddle-headed because of the hallucinations and illusion techniques, many of the participants noticed something strange because of that, and perceived it.

The surrounding scenery.

Right now, the scenery that has spread in Junpei and the others’ vision is not for nor is it woodlands.

It is only dry sand dunes and craters that continue to the horizon. By the way, the craters are made by the famous antlion of the Heat Haze Desert.

「The famous giant antlions of the Heat Haze Desert……it looks like from here on, there are the nests of their strengthened variant species. There’s the possibility that normal antlions would be defeated by the examinees instead, so I think that Judy intentionally chose this route?」

「Variant species huh……you’re well-informed」

「I said this earlier too but, my job is a thief you know? Well, I am a “robber” though……still, the ability to scout and lots of knowledge is needed. Having things other than fighting abilities is very convenient when joining parties……or rather, one should know at least that much or else they won’t get any profits」

「By the way……you know a lot about this world’s geography and living things right?」

「Didn’t I just say that」

「I could tell the antlions with just looking but……I want to know about those cactuses」

“How ‘amazing’……”, Ami shrugged her shoulders.

「What do you mean you don’t know about cactuses? Isn’t that the cause of the illusions and hallucinations?」

「I don’t know what you mean by ‘what’ but, I don’t know it so there’s no other way of saying it」

「Don’t tell me, you……are you resisting the status ailments with just your natural skills? Those cactuses’ hallucination is something that even A-Rank adventurers could be affected without proper countermeasures you know?」

And there, Junpei did not know what to say.

He made a deprecatingly amazed smile to the【All Status Ailments Resistance】that he got from the No Life King.

「Well, I have resistance on status ailments with my skill」

「……those ninja-like movements that you did in the towers before, that incomprehensive skill of yours too……what a guy」

「Getting back on the topic, what do you mean by that earlier?」

「You can see the giant antlions here and there in this desert right?」

「Yeah, it’s those craters that have about 20 meters in diameter right」

「And cactuses have grown here and there in the desert. What do you think they are for?」

“Hmm……”, Junpei thought for a while.

「Literally, as you can see, the antlions would drag down their preys right?」

「Yes, literally」

「And compared to that, the cactuses release narcotic substances in the air, and adds illusions to that. And then, if everything goes well, they are in a cooperation which when the guys passing through the desert would get drunk in illusion or hallucination, getting captured within the desert, and eating by the antlions right?」

That’s right. Junpei understands. Soon after they began to run from the guild, although it is very lightly, they were under the effects of illusions and narcotics that the cactuses release. Junpei thought that it was Judy who did it at first, but because the effects became denser the closer they get nearer to the desert, he doubted the possibility that there might be some other thing, for example, a plant in nature that releases narcotic substances.

Towards Junpei’s analysis, Ami made a dumbfounded expression.

「If you know that much then……no, what else do you want to ask me other than that?」

「What I want to ask is why, they are in a……symbiotic relationship」

“Ahh”, *Pon*, Ami puts a fist in her palm.

「In the center part of the antlion’s nest, there is an underground cave that has spread」

「Underground cave?」

「Well, in reality, it’s something like a narrow space though」

And there, Ami pointed at the living thing with two lumps far away.

「Look, they look like a camel right?」

「Yeah, they do」

The difference with that thing to that on Earth is that the color of is fur is purple and looks poisonous. Looking very carefully, there are several of them walking here and there.

「And so, the antlions captures humans, kills them, and drags them inside the underground space, not eating them immediately」

「Hmm……?」

「And then, there is a lot of salt content inside those lump of the camels. And so, they can purposely change the density of the salt content in their pee」

「……I see」

Junpei who somehow understood what it meant showed blatant displeasure.

「You, do you really understand it with just that now?」

「I want to confirm this, most probably……the prey who get captured, they became minced right?」

「Yes, that is right, though……」

And there, Ami noticed the intent on Junpei’s question and made a hateful wry smile.

「It looks like you really understand huh. You……unlike how you look, you’re, hmm, you have sharp insights, or should I say quick-witted……」

At that time, Junpei felt light pain run in his head.

It’s true, since he was thrown into the labyrinth, he felt that his senses are strangely sharp.

Most of the things that he thinks of are correct, and the strategies that he devised were also just fit.

That was even though when he was still in Japan, he was a slow-witted simpleton……

While feeling strangeness somewhere, Junpei shook his head.

「Most probably, the camels could refine salted human right?」

“Yes”, Ami nodded.

「It’s because of those camels’ existence, being able to create preserved food, that caused the sweep over of the antlions and cactuses in this desert」

「The camels and antlions eat salted food, and the camels walking around gives the cactuses manure or fertilizer, in other words, huh」

And, at that time, one of the examineesーーone who still believes that they are still running inside the forestsーーslips his foot and fell into the crater that the antlions created.

He was immediately devoured into the middle of the sand getting his body chomped, and finally get dragged underground.

From how that miserable scene looks, those guys who have dropped out before they have completely entered the desert might have it better.

「By the way……that, right now, won’t you help him? If it’s you, you can do it right?」

Towards Ami’s question, Junpei shrugged his shoulders as if to say “what kind of joke is that”.

「I don’t have that much of a bad taste that, I would enjoy hurting other people without any reasons, but……」

「What do you mean?」

「I’m not that good of a person that, I would save other people without any reason as well. Well, it would depend on the time and circumstances but, saving that guy right now would only be a loss of time. Also, who knows what kind of trap is in there」

Ami asked Junpei strangely.

「If so, then……why did you help me?」

In a blink of an eye, deep within Junpei’s mind, it started to tingle in pain.

Small insects, *ZawaZawa*, they freely crawled inside his brain……it was that kind of an unpleasant feeling.

While contorting his head to the abnormal tingling pain, Junpei said inside.

ーI don’t fucking know……





Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 1)


And while this and that happened, Junpei and the rest continued to run on the nightmarish desert.

This time for sure, when they could already see the woodlands, Judy who is in the lead stopped her feet.

From how it looks, there is a lake with several kilometers or radius have spread in front of them.

That side of the lake is a forest, and this side looks like a desert’s oasis.

It is the same scenery as the Kraken’s floor that Junpei passed through.

「An oasis, or rather……something like the forest and the desert’s buffer zone?」

When he asked that to Ami beside him, *Kokuri*, she nodded.

「After passing through the hallucination desert, the next is a sea of trees. It’s quite famous you know?」

「Sea of trees?」

「The Great Sea of Trees, Famiria. The magnets and five senses would be off, and if one gets lost within it, they are not able to see the light of the sun because of the verdant trees. It’s alright to think that it is a worse version of Mt. Fuji’s sea of trees. The monsters lurking in the forest are atrocious, and it is the level where only when several B-Rank adventurers would form a party that there would be a safety margin」

「I see」

“She’s really good with the role of explaining the situation……”, when Junpei thought of that while staring intently at Ami, Judy opened her mouth.

「Ara, it looks like there are excellent ones this year? There are only 9 who dropped out?」

Currently, there are 20 people remaining.

「However, we were reduced by about 30% though? How many people are you going to drop out this year……I mean, you’re killing using the test you know?」

To Junpei who explained what everyone felt, many of the examinees nodded.

Looking at how Junpei and the rest seems, Judy laughed pleasantly, and brushed up her long hair with her right hand.

「……and so, there’s unexpected a lot who remained? U〜n……what should we do?」

According to the explanation beforehand, the examination supervisor who is Judy is given the rights to decide the contents of the examinations.

That only means, whatever absurd thing it is coming from her mood, it would be treated as a legitimate exam.

For a while, Judy who thought about something dropped a fist in her palm and said the following.

「Well……the fourth examination……shall we do it as usual after all?」

About 40% of the examinees made a startled expression.

Most probably, they are the ones who were not able to pass the examination last year.

Judy who nodded with satisfaction with their reactions made a face full of smiles and continued.

「Well then, you guys……I will make you, kill each other for a little bit」

The group started murmuring. And there, Ami asked with a sigh.

「That, you said that during the first examination too right? In the end, what we did was status measurement……the same joke won’t work twice though?」

To Ami’s words, Judy snorted and said.

「Actually, I wanted to make you do it during the first examination though? But if I do it when the selection has yet to advanced to some extent, when only those skilled guys with resolutions have remained……even I would get scolded by the guild’s heardquarters」

She means that it is a bad idea to make them really kill each other in the first examination where at worst, they might even be civilians mixed within.

“That’s also convincing”, Junpei nodded.

「Don’t tell me, you’ll really make us kill each other?」

「Well, there would be certain conditions though?」

「Conditions?」

「……well then, I’ll start explaining the rules. The period is for 5 days. The examination stage will be within the thin barrier made with magic powers that have 3 kilometers radius. And first, we will decide the pairs by drawing lots. After that……after 5 days, if your pair is neutralized in the end, and you yourself is alive and has not been neutralized by anyone else, you will pass」

「If you want to make us kill each other, let’s just fucking start now. Why is it for 5 days in the forest?」

To Junpei’s words, Judy giggled.

「It’s simple. It’s because it’s close to the form of actual battle」

「What do you mean?」

「Little boy? What do you think is the main job of the adventurer’s guild?」

「……it’s hunting monsters, or hunting bounty heads. Or maybe, a helper in battlefields」

「That’s right. The fights like in swordsmanship competitions or magic competitions where it is “ready, start”, are……originally rarer you know?」

「I see」

「Ara, what a quick-witted boy? Well, in short, this test will measure the overall estimate of your battle abilities. Plans and strategies including reconnaissance and surprise attacks. In the first place, you need to think of obvious things like the one who sees their opponents first has an advantage in a real fight. It’s an examination under such conditions」

Judy who said that fluently looked at everyone with an enraptured expression while rubbing together her hands.

「Just like that, for five days, those two became pairs shall passionately search for each otherーーthat is, that is……just like lovers, drowning in lust」

“Ufufu……”, Judy who said that with an ecstatic expression could only be described as a pervert.

Described with a word, “cumming” or “high” is very close.

And to her, Junpei asked while feeling a little repulsion.

「By the way, what happens in the case where the pair was not defeated?」

Judy turned from her blank expression, and answered with serious eyes.

「In that case, both of them are failed」

“By the way……”, Junpei asks furthermore.

「Earlier, you said “neutralize” right?」

「Yes, that is right?」

「Isn’t it killing each other? Why did you intentionally use the word neutralize?」

「n? Ahh, that is……well, making you kill each other is actually just a joke」

「Haa?」

「But, you can do something close to that」

「That’s just making it more complicated」

「Well, if you really kill them, you’ll fail though? There’s no way that an examiner would say out loud that the passing condition is murder right?」

Because he heard about killing each other, Junpei who had a let down almost collapsed on the spot.

「Oi, you really……!!」

And then, Judy bloomed a crazed smile as if she was having fun from the bottom of her heart.

「ーーhowever, you will not be punished for the crime if you killed them!! You will not pass, but it shall be treated as an unfortunate accident during the examination!! Andーーit is in the form of actual battle, so other than murder, “whatever you do or use”……as long as is it for victory, it is acceptable!!!」

Louder clamoring than earlier. Those who experienced last year thought “it was like that after all……”, and looked up to the sky, making a cross in front of their chests.

「You’re really emphasizing whatever we do but, what do you mean?」

「n? Right now, I just said that I will overlook everything you know? Whether it is poison, seduction, robbery, or rape…… of course, it’s not like……there is a rule that, one must not hurt an opponent other than your pair」

Receiving those words, Junpei looked at the girls.

Within the 20 people, there are 5 girls including Ami. They are four which is in their teens to thirties……the so-called, marriageable age. It seems that two of those four, have also taken the examination last year.

As a proof, did they remember something bad, they collapsed to the ground with pale expressions.

And furthermore, for some reason, really, for some reason, one man who similarly took the exam last year……seemed to have remembered something, and fell to his knees with a pale face like the two other girls.

Seeing their reactions, Judy had a delightful expression.

「However, this is an exam. It’s fine whatever you do but, there are rules although it is at the very least. In the case when you killed your opponent……you’ll fail so be careful okay〜☆」

Judy smiled, grinning.

And, at that time, a strange voice was raised within the examinees.

「DADADADADAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAーーーーーー!!!」

It was a huge man.

His height is about 2 meters and 60 centimeters. He has a physique that anyone would be convinced if they were told that he has the blood of a giant. However, according his the status confirmed in the guild, his huge body is that of a human.

「I-I-It is o-only fe-fail with murder? I-It is o-only f-failing? Ah! Ah Ah!……I w-will not be be-beheaded? Ne-ne-nee? I-I will not? The o-order of kni-knights not chase? O-O-Okay it is? Okay? It is re-really okay?」

The huge man cried out while scattering his saliva.

「Yes, that is true. You have failed last year because of murder but……you were not punished for your crime right?」

「U-Un! Un Un! Un! I WANT SEX! I KILL! But, but, I HATE PRISON!!」

It is an ugly, dirty looking middle-aged man in his forties, with the top of this head bald and has long hair on the sides.

There might be no one better described as a fugitive than him.

However, he is very muscular that it looks disgusting. On top of the dirty underwear which is unknown what color it is at first, he is wearing a waist-guard and a shoulder-guard, carrying a rusted 2-meter huge axe in his back.

「Hya! Hya! Hyahaha! Hyahahaha!! Nee〜ne〜〜? I-I can do? I can do all I want??? Even girls! E-E-eee-Even men……I can do what I want? Just like them last year!! Can I?? Can I do what I want?!!」

While getting hyped up, he pointed at the man and the girls who fell to the ground earlier.

Towards that huge man, Judy nodded, she nodded many times with delight, while making an enraptured expression.

「What the hell is he……? For start, it looks like he did some things last year though……」

Towards Junpei’s question, Ami answered, whispering to his ears.

「He’s John Burg……he’s someone who’s rumored as a lust murderer」

「Lust murderer? No, well……that’s exactly how he looks though」

“Un”, Ami nodded, and continued.

「He’s someone whose head is too “that”, that he got even expelled from the underground guild」

「Expelled from the underground guild……well that’s, quite something」

「Honestly, he’s a psychopath, and his intelligence isn’t different from that of an animal. However, he understands that murder is a serious crime……that’s why it’s troublesome」

「It’s like, there are only a few cases that can publicly be assembled as a murder?」

“Yes”, Ami spat out with displeasure.

「In the past, he got caught for murder, and was imprisoned for 20 years. And from then on, he would only repeat light crimes like theft……but……」

Junpei continued Ami’s words.

「It’s like, although it’s not treated as an incident publically, there would be mountains of corpses if investigated properly?」

「Yes. It’s a miracle that he still not beheaded……in another report, it looks like he started to eat human meat, and the rumors says that after he rapes the victims, he would eat them to hide the evidence……」

「……what a wild bastard」

「And those rumors, they’re probably true. Well, he’s that kind of guy」

「I see now」

“There’s really nothing good even outside the labyrinth……really, there’s no fucking different……”, Junpei thought while making a wry smile.

「n? What happened?」

「No, it’s nothing. And then?」

「It’s better to not get involved with that guy. No, I wish I won’t get involved with him」

Towards Ami who said that with a pale expression, Junpei shrugged his shoulders to show affirmation.

「Leaving me on the side……at least, it’s absolutely better if you don’t get involved with him」

From how Junpei looks at it, that John’s battle strength as a melee power fighter is in the upper ranks of A-Rank.

Compared to that, Ami is a thief, her main work is to support her allies. Adding to that, it is even doubtful if she has reached the B-Rank.

If they fought head-to-head, she’d become just a piece of meat within 20 seconds.

「Well now……」

Judy clapped her hand to restart.

「Well then, let’s start drawing lots okay? A fateful thing, that would decide your opponent with passionate love……that’s right, just as if I’m the love cupid. Ufufu……ufufufufu……」

The way to decide with lots is simple.

First, everyone will be given numbers from 1 to 20. And, the ones who got the numbers 1 to 10 will pull the lots of those who had the numbers 11 to 20, creating a pair.

If they happily became pairs, they would look at their faces properly. Two lines are made in the lakeside, just as if they are in a matchmaking party.

The lust murderer John’s partner is, unluckily, the handsome man who fell to the ground earlier. The instant they looked at each other’s faces, John became very happy, and stared at the man’s face very carefully while licking his lips.

「Ushi……Usshishishishi……yo! yo!……you!……thi-this year……too……ah! ah!……hot night……with me……hyaa! hya!……HYAHYAHYAHYA!! T-This time to-too……UHYAHYA!!」

On the other hand, the man who was chosen to be John’s opponent, did his trauma switch got pressed? He started crying while holding his ass, and made a dogeza to Judy.

And in the end, it was decided that he would withdraw from the fourth examination.

「Ara, how boring」

With those words of Judy, his request was accepted.

「Examiner? What happens in this case? Will that problem child proceed to the fifth examination without having anything to do with us?」

Towards Junpei’s question, Judy answered with a composed face.

「The condition to pass is……neutralizing the opponent within five days, and survive without getting neutralized you know? His opponent had already withdrawn so it’s fine to treat him as neutralized, but he still……needs to survive, or not get neutralized right?」

「……」

Judy continued her words with enjoyment.

「And most of all……」

「Most of all?」

「Onee-san thinks that, it would be more fun with that boy rampaging around」

“Yareyare”, Junpei who shrugged his shoulders said.

「I am a fool……expecting something from you to stop that monster」

「I wonder how many people would get “taken care” by the boy? Even Judy-oneesan cannot imagine……ahh, I’m getting excited」

And, there, *Pan*, Judy clapped her hands.

「Well then, you remembered the faces of your pairs right? It’s alright to use any way other than murder soーーthose who neutralized their opponent within 5 days and survives will pass. And those who murdered shall be disqualified but overlooked of their crimes. Such good conditions are rare you know? Everyoneーーgo and let out your desires, do all what you want!!」

「……and then, how specifically are we entering the forest which is the examination stage?」

「More accurately, it’s within the barrier inside the forest that has 3 kilometers radius. The group of numbers 1 to 10, and the group of numbers 11 to 20, I will guide each of them to the departure points after leaving some time」

「……?」

「When the two groups reached the departure point, I’ll immediately shoot up a smoke flare to the sky. That will be the signal for the start of the fourth examination……of course, it is also the signal of the start of the extraterritoriality」

Judy who finished speaking immediately gestured the ten people that Junpei is included in to come.

「The people on the other line, wait here for an hour okay? I’ll bring these boys and girls to their start point first……」

And just like that, with Judy in the lead, Junpei’s group started to walk towards the forest circumventing the lake.





Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 2)


About walking for 20 minutes.

The group circumvented the lake and entered the woodlands.

And for another several minutes, they advanced through animal trails. While walking, Junpei asked.

「Oi, Examiner?」

「Ara, what is it?」

To Junpei’s question, Judy replied with a bewitching gesture.

「You, you also have a lot of free time huh?」

「What do you mean by that?」

「You’re planning on watching us for 5 days right?」

“KusuKusu”, Judy started to laugh.

「Ara? When everyone scattered in the forest……I’m planning to leave though?」

「What do you mean? Your intention is to appreciate our pandemonium right?」

To that question, Judy started to emphasize her snicker.

「Ara, how impolite?」

「By impolite, you mean?」

「If I’m around, everyone would hold back right?」

「Hold back?」

「There are not many good chances to kill people other than wars after all, so when your rationality would work and make a limiter in your hearts. Even though I prepared so much……telling you guys murder will not be punished, that you are only going to get disqualified」

「……?」

「I am, offering a place with pure violence and desires running wild. An observer would be a hindrance there. You now, I am satisfied enough, just seeing grotesque hunting grounds with blood and love juices scattered after five days」

「……bastard, you really have a bad taste」

「I want……to see everyone’s true feelings. That’s all」

As to gesture that their conversation is over, Judy clapped her hands loudly.

「When the preparations are finished, I’ll release a smoke flare……that will be the signal for the start of the examinationーーwell then, I’ll look forward to the horrible scenes」

And just like that, Judy left the place with jogging.

「Anyways, a free time for a short time huh」

The examinees started to sit on their places.

Ones who checks their equipments and baggage.

Ones taking their nutrition supply.

Or maybe, ones who started to sleep placing their back on the tree.

While each of them used their time effectively, Ami complained while inflating her cheeks.

「That examiner, she easily says such absurd things……if it’s like this, those who are used to the exams, or those who are friendly with them would be at a huge advantage……ne〜, Junpei? Have you noticed that?」

“Yeah”, Junpei nodded.

「In the form of actual battle, and one can use any means. Within that, many against one is included」

「That’s right!」

「Just like you said, they probably had fighting with a party in mind since the beginning. And so, some of the guys here……they probably made a party」

「Yes. I’m also……I am a thief……but, I was careless, unable to get this level of information」

「Well, too bad for you」

「No, but, I’m lucky」

「Lucky?」

「After all, I was able to meet you during the exam right? It’s what they call as a silver lining」

To Ami who said that casually, Junpei dropped his jaws.

He murmured like “yareyare”.

「Can you not……make faces that we’re really comrades?」

However, making a smile, Ami tapped Junpei’s shoulder.

「Well, well, do not be so stiff」

「……in this event, I’ll say this, I do not have obligations to help you, and don’t have any merits as well」

Furthermore, Junpei said coldly.

「Acting friendly ends right now. Can you stop being around me more than this?」

To those words, “I can’t understand……”, Ami whispered, and placed a hand on Junpei’s shoulder.

「Why do you dislike it that much? It’s not like when you pair up with me……well, there might be no merits, but there’s also no demerits right?」

「I hate it」

Together with those words, Junpei slapped away Ami’s hand that was placed in his shoulder.

「Hate? What?」

「Flocking around……I hate it. I lived in this world by myself, and I’m also planning on living alone from now on」

「Well, that’s, why?」

Towards Ami who asked while tilting her head, Junpei replied annoyingly.

「……well, who knows?」

“Actually, why is it really”, Junpei thought.

When he was youngーーhe was always with Noriko, no, when Noriko followed behind him without permission, he was bright, and was doing sports too, and his personality……he was a child with aggressiveness. He hated crooked things, and there was also times when he argued with upper classmen or teachers if he was not convinced.

At that time, he always had people around him.

In old worlds, he was like the big boss of the kids……he was such an existence.

However, one day, Junpei started to reject connections with people.

As a result, he became a person who cannot communicate properly, and that led to being bullied.

Rejecting people’s connections. When did that start, he thought.

Was it when his grades dropped, unable to follow the studies when he entered middle school, although he was taking a perfect score before that?

Or maybe, when he who was great at sports, gradually started to lose to those guys who started to go on clubs?

Or is it, when his parents divorced?

Is it when he could not have enough time to study and to club activities and started to become a failure, because of taking care of his grandmother?

「I don’t know. There’s so many things, that I really don’t know」

Junpei made a wry laugh while smiling deprecatingly.

「You……you don’t understand yourself?」

To that question, Junpei noticed something. There are many reasons, but the direct reason for refusing Ami……misanthropy is just one of them.

The face of Noriko when he got pushed into the labyrinth, the faces of the bastards that he met inside and outside the labyrinth passed through his mind.

「I might just hate……getting hurt from being betrayed. Humans, when they get connected deeply……I feel that they would become weaker. That’s why I want to remain solitary」

And then, suddenly, Ami started to laugh with a very bright smile.

「Haha……hahahahahaha!!」

She had an expression that could be described like a smile with innocence, or laughing from the bottom of her heart.

And finally, she started to laugh while holding her stomach.

「Haha! Hahahaha!! Solitary?……you, are you an idiot?」

「Eh? Idiot?」

*BashiBashi*, Ami slapped Junpei’s back while he got dumbfounded.

And, laughed.

She could not stop laughing that she started convulsing, and opened her mouth with difficulty.

「Haha! Hahahaha! Well well, that was so funny〜……hey, you? In what kind of world……are you a Chuuni-patient」

「No, chuuni……?」

「No, no, no, no……「I might hate getting hurt」, something like that, didn’t you say that with a serious face」

Ami continued to laugh while wiping her tears.

And, there, Junpei noticed something.

Because of Ami’s loud laughter, they gathered the attention of the examinees around.

「Hey, you? Shut up for a bit. There’s nothing good at standing out……don’t you have the ability to balance loss and profit?」

「n? Right now……you said something about loss and profit?」

「Yeah」

And then, Ami started to talk silently with a lower tone.

「……if so, it’s you who should move with loss and profits okay? Hey, I’ll say this once again, but the examination right now, having numbers is an advantage right?」

「Yeah, that’s probably right? And then?」

「I’ll say this once again, if so, it’s reasonable that we’d pair up right? The fact that we’re somewhat friendly……leaving aside the truth, it’s how it looks right? And here, if you, or I go near other examinees, what do you think would happen?」

“I see……”, Junpei thought.

It looks like Ami has also escaped difficulties since she got teleported here from Japan. It seems that her head works quickly.

「A spy……they’ll immediately think that you’re a spy. And then……if we had a breakdown of negotiations here after making loud noises, it would be to your advantage, and a disadvantage for me huh」

“Hyuu”, Ami whistled.

「As you guessed, in the case when our negotiations break, I’m planning on giving you a huge slap in the face. And the prerequisite for that is making a loud noise」

“Well……”, Junpei opens his mouth.

「It the end, they’ll doubt that you’re a spy……but even so, the impression that we parted because of a fight will remain. I see now. However, why are you fixating to me that much? There were many timing that you could give up on me right?」

And then, Ami shrugged her shoulders to show resignation.

「I’ll say it honestly. I mean……I think that you have already noticed though?」

「Say it honestly? What are you saying so suddenly」

「Since the second examination ended, I was aiming for you 」

Junpei felt a cold sweat running on his back, and had goosebumps.

After losing his words for a while. Finally, Junpei said while carefully choosing his words.

「I’ll ask this, to be sure……by aiming for me, you mean?」

Ami nodded with a smile.

「I was thinking of becoming your mistress」

「……」

“This girl’s heavy……”, Junpei thought.

Of course, he thought that Ami is beautiful if described as beautiful, and cute if described as cute. However, even so, being told by something like that in this kind of place……Junpei was troubled.

Towards Junpei who had a confused expression, Ami casually continued her words.

「And the reason for that is, because I know about your strength, I thought that I would have good things in it」

Junpei got petrified, and could only make a dumbfounded expression.

5 seconds

10 seconds

15 seconds

Junpei could only lose his words, and Ami was just smiling pleasantly.

20 seconds. Finally, Junpei shook his head, and opened his mouth as if to squeeze out his words.

「No, you……aren’t you too honest?」

Ami with a smile, replied casually after all.

「Yes. I said it honestly you know? In fact, I was moving with balancing loss and profits」

Together with a deep sigh, Junpei said to Ami.

「……what a terrible confession of love」

“But……this kind of person, I don’t hate it”, Junpei thought.

He thought, that at least, not like Noriko……no, not like the guys that he met in this world……when compared to those bastards who have kind faces in the surface, then stab you in the back when there is a chance, it is far better than that.

Knowing what she wants from the beginning, is in some meaning, sincere.

「Well, I’m not someone who’s good at psychological acts too. And alsoーー」

「Also?」

「Yesterday……when you told me I’m beautiful……uncharacteristic of me, it made my heart pounding」

Once again, Junpei got petrified.

「……n? Isn’t this terrible confession of love, purely out of balancing loss and profits?」

「There’s also balancing loss and profits, I won’t deny that. But, before that, you saved me without asking anything for return you know? Your looks isn’t bad too……well, of course, isn’t it normal to have good impressions? On top of that, that line yesterday right? Beautiful……being told something like that, it’s impossible not to be conscious of you」

Towards Ami who said that while hiding her embarrassment, Junpei got silent……unable to think of how to react.

And finally, he let out a sigh, and shook his head to resignation.

「E〜to, Sakaguchi Ami……right?」

「That’s right……」

「You, can you cook?」

「Well, yes……as long as there’s ingredients, I can, decently」

「They say that the five days of the fourth examination will be a long time after all. I’ll leave all the kitchen work to you alright?」

And then, Ami asked Junpei with a smile as if a flower has bloomed.

「That means……?」

「You’re a Thief right? If so, use your skills for meーーI’ll let you follow me」

“Un”, Ami nodded.

「Also, I haven’t heard your name “here” though」

Thinking for a while, Junpei answered like this.

「Let me see……just call me JP for convenience」

And just exactly that time, a dry sound echoed from afar, and a purple smoke started to rise from the east sky.

ーーit’s the signal for the start of the fourth examination.





Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 3)


“Well then……”, Junpei looked around.

Kido’s henchman is not resting here. Junpei had already confirmed that he is in another group.

And there, for a while, Junpei fell into deep thoughts.

ーーit’s easy to kill him lurking in shadows.

But, he does not plan to kill that fucking bastard at all.

Of course he will kill him, but it needs to be in the way where he would regret that he was alive.

“However……for that, I need to strengthen first”, Junpei thought.

Because he gained the【Trash Box】that allows him to throw away skills, Junpei’s surroundings right now could be described as a bonus stage.

There are many decently strong people hereーーin other words, there are many decently useful skills here.

And the Skill Hunt ability was polished, that he could steal the skill cards just by neutralizing his opponents.

However, skills can be said as the lifeline of the adventurers. For example, those who have swordsmanship or hand to hand combat techniques took them years or tens of years to gain that kind of skill. So, in the case where the opponent is a righteous person, he would feel some guilt.

Although, it is very different if the opponent is a bastard. For example……if it is the lust murderer from earlier, he would not feel anything even if he steals his everything.

John Burg’s face passed through his mind.

ーーI mean, it might be better for humankind if hurt him to the level where defects remain to his limbs after stealing his skill.

“But well, that would depend on the situation……”, he thought.

「But first, how will I find the target……or the pair」

Finding a target within an area with three-kilometer radiusーーnormally, that would be a very difficult thing. And at the same time, in this examination, those who finds their targets first would have an overwhelming advantage. After all, their strategies that they could take would increase, be it launching a surprise attack or creating a pit hole.

“However……”, Junpei made a slight smile.

If Junpei uses his clairvoyance-like scouting ability that is a side-effect of his inhuman evasion proficiency, he would be able to find the opponent easily. After all, it is like a high-performance radar where he could tell the situation within the radius of hundreds of meters.

However, there is a weakness.

This ability does not have the characteristic of being able to be used consecutively.

……or rather, it is very tiring to concentrate his senses to its limits.

Because of that, Junpei……he is planning on activating that scouting ability once every few hours, and find the enemies with that information.

「……about that」

Ami who had an expression full of confidence raised her hand and suggests.

No, rather being full of confident, it is a prideful face.

「n? What is it?」

She puts down the knapsack that she is carrying, and started to search inside.

「……what are you doing?」

「Hey, JP? Do you know about this item?」

「A magnet?」

「It’s a magic compass……this is my treasured item you know」

「S-Rank rarity huh, it’s true that it doesn’t match with you」

Ami was surprised and widened her eyes.

「How did you know?」

「I have a high level【Appraisal Eyes】technique. Do you need any more explanation?」

「Really……you’re a guy whose existence itself is a cheat」

「And then, where did you get that?」

「When I was doing my job as a thief, just a bit……I got very lucky and gained it」

「And so……it will show the place or rather the direction of person who was marked for just 24 hours……huh? It looks like it’s mostly equipped in large prisons. By the way, how will you place a marking?」

「If I touch the opponent while holding the compass, the marking’s finished. By the way, I have already marked my target and yours too」

「When, and how did you mark them? You have met your target directly, but my target too……when did you do that?」

「That’s well, I’m a Thief after all. It’s very easy to touch an opponent without getting noticed」

Junpei sighed in amazement.

「Honestly, I thought that you’ll be only baggage but……you might be somewhat useful」

「You, you have a bad personality right?」

「No, I’m just a type who says what he thinks straightforwardly」

「How can I say this, you’re cheeky, or something……」

While talking like that, they walked through the forest with the compass as a guide.

Walking for 10 minutes, Ami whispered while looking at Junpei’s feet.

「……this is, I’m a bit……shocked, I think?」

「Shocked? With what?」

「You, that way of walking……it’s completely silent but, it’s not like it’s another skill right?」

“Ahh, about that huh”, Junpei nodded.

Junpei’s physical abilities have already reached a different dimension, so it is very easy for him to walk completely silently just by being conscious of it.

「It’s not like you can completely erase it, but……well, I think that you’re hiding your presence in a passing grade?」

After getting silent for a while, Ami let out a sigh.

「……it’s already like this using my Thief skill though…… it looks like you’re saying it as if it’s nothing, but that makes it very hurtful instead……」

And, there, Junpei who had noticed something placed his pointing finger in front of his nose, and Ami followed that.

While looking at a far away place, he talked to Ami.

「I found him. That’s……my prey」

There are two men in Junpei’s vision.

They are walking slowly and carefully while observing the surroundings.

「……what will you do?」

「Let’s watch for a while」

「Is it something like……countermeasure if it’s a trap or a surprise attack?」

To Ami’s words, Junpei shook his head.

「Before taking them down or not……I want to know what kind of guys they are. Are they bastards, or a decent fellow……」

「What kind? Why are you doing something like that?」

Without a doubt, Junpei is currently the strongest usurper, and it all depends on Junpei whether or not the examinees that he attacks would be able to continue on being an adventurer.

And there is no doubt that the most efficient way to strengthen himself, is for Junpei to attack examinees indiscriminately, steal their skills, and equip in his skill slots the useful skills.

However, he is reluctant on doing all of that as he desires.

For example, he got acquainted with a Sword Saint during the Kraken subjugation inside the labyrinth. If Junpei wishes for the most efficient way to strengthen himself, there is no doubt that it is to kill the Sword Saint, steal his skills and experience points.

However, by doing that, he would not be different front Kido and the others, and the trash that abuses their powers both inside and outside the labyrinth.

「Is it that……it they’re decent guys, you aren’t planning on using surprise attacks or traps? You, are you that naive?」

Ami said while rolling her eyes, but that is a view wide of the mark.

Just the level of the examinees here, with Junpei’s strength, there was no way that he would lose no matter how what he do.

「……」

「We found the opponents first, so isn’t doing a surprise attack reasonable rights? In the first place, those who are victorious in battles are right. But, well……if it’s not as the adventurer me, but the individual Sakagami Ami, I don’t like those kinds of things」

「You’re quite off, but……well, I don’t like those kinds of things too」

Not minding Ami’s words more than that, Junpei glared ahead.

ーーwell then. About whether it’s better to steal from these guys or not……

The two has not noticed at all that they are being followed by Junpei and Ami.

Well, it is very natural because the ones following them is a professional Thief and Junpei who has better skills, while hiding their presence.

One of the two. The young man wearing a white robe opened his mouth.

「Thank goodness that I was able to partner with you just before the examination started. It is very different doing it alone rather than doing it with two people after all」

The white-robed man is looking towards a plump middle-aged man.

「However, John Burg huh……we really participated in an exam with such a troublesome guy」

The plump man is carrying a large axe on his back. His equipments, gauntlet in his right hand and torso armor. By the way, Junpei’s target is this plump man.

「Yes, there is no doubt. The rumors says that it is unknown how he is living after getting expelled from the underground guild, but……」

「It should be robbery with rape and murder. He looks like his head is lacking, but he’s surprisingly smart」

「You are quite informed?」

「Yeah, I have the same hometown with that guy……」

The plump middle-aged man took out a leather canteen from his pocket, and took a sip.

And he passed the canteen to the white-robed young man.

「It’s water with squeezed fruit juice and honey. It will be a prolonged stage……replenish your nutrients」

「Ahh, thanks」

The white-robed man who received the canteen started to drink while sounding his throat.

「Well, well, this is really good. The sweetness of the honey and the sourness of the fruit really matches well. What fruit is it?」

And there, the plump middle-aged man smiled and answered.

「It’s the fruit of the carnivorous plant Kumacorori. It’s called Kumakorori, because even bears would fall like *Korori* if they eat it. If humans drink it, they will die instantly. It’s just, preparing it properly, it’s not like it can’t be used as anesthetic……by the way, that is a special juice made very well so, you won’t die」

「……eh?!」

At the same time, the white-robed man’s knees weakened and fell to the ground.

「Why……?」

「I told you that I have the same hometown with John Burg right? I mean, honestly, we’re childhood friends. Well, it’s true that I don’t want to get involved with him though」

「……?」

「We did a deal」

「A……deal……?」

「First, John will not kill me, and would not target me. But instead, I’ll take you to where John is」

「But……why?」

The plump man took off the hood of the white-robed man, and showed the man’s hidden face.

「Beautiful slender young men, they’re John’s favorite……well, of course……he would also attack women, but John likes guys like you, better」

「……e?」

「It is already decided that John will pass to the fourth examination. And the things that he does in this examination……is to search for men and women, rape them, and destroy them」

「……?」

「And then……there’s a time lag before they get destroyed after getting raped. So I can have a good time too, I can taste the women before they get destroyed」

「……what do you……mean……?」

「If things go well, there might be my prey within those guys that John caught. In that case, he will still destroy them, but has the promise that he will not kill them」

The white-robed man dyed his face with despair.

「It means, the one who’s I’m partners with is not you but John Burg. And you are an offering to John」

The plump man took out a rope. And after turning the white-robed man into the ground, he started to tie him up.





Chapter 3 - Fourth Examination 1 (Part 4)


After watching up to there, “Un”, Junpei nodded.

「It looks like there’s no need, to hold back on my target huh……」

「JP? And so, what are you planning to do? I don’t have a melee job but I can supportーー」

「I’ll do it alone」

And just like that, from the shadowsーーJunpei went out of the blind spot and started to walk towards the middle-aged man,

「Eh?!」

Ami cannot be blamed that she would let out a voice of surprise.

After all, it only looked like he had no plans at all. No matter who looks at it, it is a head-on fight without a doubt.

「You’re, my pair……? No……target, huh? Why did you not launch a surprise attack?」

Towards the man who asked dubiously, Junpei answered with a shrug of his shoulders.

「Well, starting now, I’m going to steal your important think. I just thought, as courtesy for that……I’ll fight you head on」

「I don’t know what you’re talking about, but well……I’ll think of it that I don’t need to waste time searching for you」

Raising the large axe with both his hands, the plump middle-aged man lowers his stance and prepared for battle.

However, Junpei stopped him with his hand.

「Before fighting, I have a suggestion」

「Suggestion?」

“Yeah”, Junpei nodded and pointed to the right direction.

「There’s an open space just right there. Ossan is completely a melee power fighter right?」

Did he feel funny about something, receiving Junpei’s words, the middle-aged man answered with a light scoff of amusement.

「Where the hell in this world do you think would a magician or a thief or a ranger will carry a large axe?」

「As you can see, I’m lightly armored……completely the speedy type. Are you planning on swinging around your large shield in this place full of trees and bushes? If we’re fighting here……I’m at an overwhelming advantage you know?」

The middle-aged man dubiously narrowed his eyebrows.

「You don’t launch a surprise attack, and do not take advantage of the terrain……what the heck are you planning?」

There was no way that he was going to use the Skill Hunt ability in front of Ami.

The Skill Hunt is basically a skill out of common sense in this world. There was no need to uselessly stand out.

「I’m telling you I’ll fight you head on. I don’t like bullying the weak after all. I thought that I’ll at least, make you show all your strength」

「Fight head-on? You brat……don’t get too cheeky? Do you know? Those arrogant with their power are the first ones to die in battlefields」

「It’s not arrogance but confidence……no, I could say, conviction?」

Towards Junpei who said it casually, the middle-aged man popped a vein in his temples.

「According to the rules, I can’t kill, but……you’re quite lucky huh, it looks like losing all limbs is fine?」

「Don’t worry. I’m nicer than you……I’ll let you off half-dead」

It was really an exchange of words.

Junpei gestured the middle-aged man to follow him using his jaw. And at the same time, he said while waving his hand towards Ami inside the bush.

「I’ll return after 30 minutes. Ami……don’t move there and wait」

That battle axe, how much weight does it have.

Inside the woodlands full of trees and bushes, *Bassa, Bassa*, the sound of cutting trees echoed.

The axe that gained destructive powers with weight and speed, it destroyed the woodlands, easily cutting the hard trees.

And to that scene, Junpei rolled his eyes.

「We even came to an open place……you didn’t need to cut trees more than this too. And so……what demonstration is this?」

The middle-aged man grinned.

「You would hate it right?」

「Hate? What?」

「There’s no difference since you’re going to be defeated with one blow, but……getting defeated without knowing the skills of the man who you lost to……you would hate it right?」

“Haa〜……”. Junpei made a wry laugh.

「Well, do what you want」

「Hmph!」

The thick blades of the axe were swung around. As if to create a barrier, the axe created a half circle with two-meter radius.

It is a skillful war axe techniquesーーthat would be the honest opinion of common people.

However, unfortunately, the middle-aged man’s opponent is Junpei who survived in a far harsher place.

ーーit’s like a fly have stopped.

Towards Junpei who had such reaction, the man opened his mouth with a proud face.

「Fufu! Making such dumbfounded expressionーーI can see that you’re surprised by my axe skills! What, don’t worry, I won’t take your lifeーー」

And there, the man stopped swinging his axe.

「You……you should be thinking this……why does such a skilled man like me, is partners with John Burg?」

「Eh……?」

Towards the man’s sudden question, a question mark was pasted on Junpei’s expression.

「Well, it cannot be helped that you’ll be dubious about it. In fact……my skills are at the high level of B-Ranks too. No, I might have even reached the territory of A-Rank. I am a man who originally should’ve passed this test a few years ago」

「……?」

Towards Junpei’s confused expression, the man who seemed to have mistaken something nodded several times.

「I can really understand your doubt. In fact, I can easily pass this test. However, why did I, without passing the exam……do such thing for many yearsーーI have a reason for that」

「……」

“I’m not fucking asking you……”, Junpei tried to say that, but the man stopped him with his hand.

「For once……I have fought John」

“Oh, is that so〜……”, Junpei tried to say that, but the man stopped him with his hand after all.

「That was twenty years ago……it was when I was 15, and John was 16. John and I were childhood friends. And from back then, John was already a pervert」

「Well……that’s without a doubt a pervert」

「We have a common female childhood friend. She was very beautiful……she was a famous beauty in the village that we were born in. She was a prize beyond everyone’s reach……」

The middle-aged man looked far away to the sky.

「And, John……he laid his hands on that girl. On the day of the summer festival……John attacked that girl in front of me」

「And then, you fought John to save that girl?」

「That’s right」

With a deprecating smile, the man looked down.

「ーーinstantaneous defeat……it was」

After being silent for a while, he shook his head.

「From then on, I could not raise my head against him, and followed him like a retainer」

“No, I don’t really care about that……”, when Junpei was thinking of that, the middle-aged man asked.

「Hey, you……why are you aiming for B-Rank?」

After thinking for a while, Junpei said.

「For strength……I think」

「Strength?」

「I don’t have a suitable job. If I become B-Rank……I can have a job right? My status would simply be more than doubled」

「You……you don’t have a job? And this exam……you were able to reach up to here. It looks like you were quite lucky. Jobless guys who are normally worst than small fries……they won’t get lucky enough to reach this place」

“Ahh, he understood it differently……”, Junpei thought, but he didn’t correct him.

It is a waste of time to explain from one to ten to guys like this. For Junpei, this middle-aged man is just a prey. He will defeat him and stealーーthat’s all about it.

「However, why are you asking me why I’m aiming for B-Rank?」

The man was thinking of something deeply.

「Iーーam not asking for power」

It looks like, he was not planning on making a conversation after all.

ーーwell, this bastard can’t be saved at all. He’s just good enough to be with that pervert.

Junpei decided to reply at the minimum.

「Power? You……you don’t want it?」

“Yeah”, the man nodded with satisfaction and opened his mouth.

「Fighting against John 20 years ago, I saw the true power fighter for the first time. not relying on proficiency skills like swordsmanship or close quarter combat techniquesーーthe pure power fighter……」

「He don’t have any skills?」

「No, more specifically, he was born with the skill【Limit Cut】at the Super level. Although there is a time limit on activation, it’s an absurd skill that increases attack powers and defense powers by 750」

“I see, that sounds delicious”

Junpei raised the corner of his lips. “On top of that, I won’t have any worries about feeling guilt against that bastard”, Junpei thought.

「From then onーーI gained powers」

「You got……powers?」

「No, more specifically, I gained a skill」

Junpei made a sun-bright smile towards the man.

「Skill?」

「Yeah, it’s a skill. Combined with the Master-class Battle Axe Techniques……with the me right now……even if I fought against Johnーー」

「In short, you are following that John while searching for a chance to get revenge? While sharpening your fangs……you were aiming for an opportunity to stab him in the back」

「That’s right. Hoping that someday, I’ll catch him off guard……well, as byproduct of that, the women that he was done for……I was able to get a taste of them」

「Then, so, show me your powers alright?」

「My……powers?」

「The result of the fight against that pervert 20 years ago, the result of 20 years of admiring a power fighter. You already showed me that battle axe techniques of yours. What kind of skill did you get other than that?」

Towards Junpei’s question, the man answered with a delighted expression.

「This is that power! MY power!」

And then, the muscles that could be seen from his light armorーーthey exploded……or seemed like that.

There are the physiological phenomena that when one continuously add heavy burdens on muscles, blood will gather and make it pumped.

It’s the phenomena called pump up, but the change that happened to the middle-aged man’s bodyーーit was an exaggerated version of that.

「This is the【Explosive Strong Body】ーーits Master-class!」

After saying that out loud, the man once again started to swing his axe.

「Listen and be amazed!! This adds 350 attack power and defense powers to the status! Adding the Battle Axe Techniques that I trained with to thatーー」

Once again, in the forest full of trees and bushes, *Bassa, Bassa*, he cuts of trees.

However, those sounds were far smoother than earlier, and faster as well.

「……hee〜. That’s really a useful skill」

「On top of that, my base status has 150 attack powers, and 150 defense powers too……!! Adding the +50 weapon’s bonus to that! And, AND, additionally, with the bonus of the Battle Axe Techniques, my attack has surpassed the limits of a human!」

The man shouted out while swinging his battle axe.

「Take this!! Take this attack that only top class battle axe users can use, this is my GREAT AXEーー!!!」

The battle axe was swung.

From what the man planned, he was going to cut Junpei……just a little bit, he swung his axe so that blood would come out just a little bit. It is to plant fear on Junpei. He planned on making Junpei know that he was holding back, make him understand the difference with their skills. That was the man’s plan.

「Yoishotto」

A few millimeters.

Junpei moved his body just a little bit, and dodged the battle axe with a distance smaller than a rice.

「n?」

The battle axe, unfortunately, cuts the air.

“How strange……”, while tilting his head, the man once againーーswings his axe.

「Hmph!」

「Hoitto」

Repeat. The attack that grazes one’s skin and the dodge distance smaller than rice.

「Hmph!!」

「Yokkoishotto」

Repeated once again.

And finally, the man’s expression started to have the color of confusion.

「You……」

「What?」

Towards Junpei’s expression that is full of confidence, the man shook his head.

「No, it should be just my imagination……really, what a lucky guy. However, I won’t miss the next time. Don’t blame meーーeven if I take your life」

The man said with a proud face, and swung his axe once again.

And this time, he swung it down straight towards the middle of Junpei’s head.

「Oishotto」

Making light steps, Junpei dodged casually.

The man lost his words.

After losing himself for a while, the man opened his huge mouth with a dumbfounded expression and said the following.

「Y-You, dodged……? You, you’re jobless right? Why can you dodge my attack?」

「Even if you ask me why……isn’t it just, my status is far higher than yours?」

「No, but, however……but!」

When the man was about to say that, Junpei released a palm attack towards the man’s jaw.

He lost consciousness in an instant showing the white of his eyes, and the man fell down to his knees.

「The skill……thank you for the meal」

After saying just that, Junpei took out a rope from his item box.

That was not the orihalcon rope that he got from the torture man in the labyrinth, but a cheap one that he bought in the town’s general store.

However, if he ties him up carefully, it is impossible for his guy who doesn’t have any skill to escape.

Junpei carefully tied up the man’s limbs.

「+350 to both attack powers and defense powers……really, I’m really thankful. If I strengthen my status in this pace……I might be able to fight those monsters in the labyrinth head on」

There is the【Explosive Strong Body】gripped within Junpei’s hand.



Name : Takeda Junpei Thesaurus Points : 100

Level Up : 1160 → 1161

Bonus Points Gained : 5

Status

Job : Skill Hunter Level : 1161

HP : 1840 MP : 180

Attack Power : 300 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5) Defense Power : 425 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5)

Evasion Efficiency : 4405 (Junpei’s basic stat : 3855)

Equipments

Main : Magic Beast’s Canine (Mythological Class)

※Infused with God Killer attribute

Sub : S&W M57 Forty-one caliber Magnum (National Treasure Class)

※Bullets replenished using magic powers. No strengthening

Armor : Sword Saint’s Light Armor (Rare : Rank S)

※Defense Power +145 / Attack Power +45

Shield : Aegis’ Shield (Legendary Class)

※Defense Power +250 / Evasion Efficiency + 300

Mantle : Cloak of Evasion (Rare : Rank A)

※Passive that increases the basic Evasion Efficiency to 1.5 times

Shoes : Tenma no Tabi (National Treasure Class)

※Defense Power + 30 / Evasion Efficiency + 245

Skill (Skill Slot: 3 Remaining)

Appraisal Eyes (Super-Class)

Trash Box (Ultimate)



———————————————————————————————-

All Status Ailments Resistance

Butcher (Super-Class)

Monster Tame (Beginner Class)

Mimicry (Super-Class)

Acceleration (Special)



· Rise of the Herculean (Heroic-Class) / +650 Attack Power

· Explosive Strong Body (Master-Class) / +350 Attack Power and Defense Power

Attributes

Undead King

※Changing Body Composition. Just like an undead, its body fluid, blood, and, meat would become a very strong neurotoxin.

Tamed Monsters

Pure Slime

Pandemic Slime

Sand Slime





Chapter 4 - Fourth Examination 2 (Part 1)


「Honestly……I got careless. I was looking down too much……」

When Junpei returned to the previous bush, Ami disappeared.

No, more specifically, a part of her clothes and the baggage was left there.

Junpei started to search around together with a click of his tongue.

However, at the same time, *Jiwari……*, a dull pain runs in his head.

The power that Junpei is using, is a super power called sixth sense that should originally be not a part of a human’s body.

But he is forcefully using that using his monstrous evasion efficiency, and creates the effect of a high-performance radar.

There was no way that fatigue would not accumulate in this brain if he uses it many times in a short span of time.

While having that faint pain and discomfort, Junpei searches in the surrounding information.

Several footsteps that exist around the place. The faint traces that cannot be noticed with the naked eye enters his head as information.

「I see. We were being followed too……」

While holding the knife from his waist, Junpei called out towards his back.

「Hey, the two of you there?」

*GasaGasa*, the leaves and branches shook.

The ones who came out of the bush was a thin young man with missing teeth, and a middle-aged man with long hair and untrimmed beard holding a sword in one hand while grinning.

「He〜, Nii-chan……you noticed us huh……on top of that……you defeated Boris too」

The man with missing teeth shrugged his shoulders as if to say, “This is out of expectation……”.

「Hey, Danna? Since he defeated Boris, that means he’s quite skilled right? I hate that you know……?」

Junpei picked up Ami’s clothes that were thrown away and stomped towards them.

「……what the heck happened? The torn……no, the clothes that were forcefully taken off……it’s dropped here though」

“Honestly, I did not think at all that I would get beaten by small fries outside the labyrinth. There’s no doubt that that carelessness led to this situation”, Junpei thought.

Junpei really felt that is used to surviving through desperate straits, but worst than a beginner when it comes to protecting another person.

Towards Junpei who was worked up, the man with an untrimmed beard said jokingly.

「Ahh, the reason why the clothes were torn……well, I thought of having a taste of her, but this guy stopped me」

「Danna, don’t blame me for that……」

While making a wry laugh, the man with missing teeth said.

「Well you know, she smelled like cherries……」

「Cherries?」

「Yes, that’s right. If you took away her virgin before we offer her to John-san, if things go worst……we’ll get killed」

「There’s no problem as long as we don’t get caught」

The man with missing teeth says while making an indecent smile.

「No, no, no! He’ll know since there will be blood coming out!」

「Haha! That’s true! Hahahaha! I mean, I don’t mean that. There’s also women who don’t bleed」

「Eh? Really?」

「Well, there’s those who bleed and those who don’t. Though, it’s something like a gamble」

「Either way, I don’t want to play a gamble like that!」

To their vulgar conversation, Junpei felt slight nausea.

ーーreally……all of these guys, they can’t be saved. Well, thanks to that……I can do many things, so you can say that it’s convenient since it is.

「And then, why were you waiting for me here?」

「Thinking about it carefully, John-san also likes men after all. We noticed that after attacking that woman after you and Boris disappeared. That looking closely, you also have a decently cute face」

「I see……so you’re were planning on catching me, and offer me to that John whatever……no, you were planning on using me as a tool to kiss his ass」

And there, the man with untrimmed beard shook his head.

「Well, it’s not like I’m planning on fighting you」

「What do you mean?」

「Boris-san, he’s the most skilled among us following John-san」

「I don’t get it」

「We thought that, Boris-san would bring you back after kicking your ass. But since you came saying that you defeated him……well, we might be at an advantage 2v1, but……we don’t want to bet it」

「By the way, how many were you originally? Since there are two who remained here……there should be at least one who took Ami away right?」

「Yeah, well, there are three of us. We sneaked towards that girl and made her breathe in sleeping grass……well, it was an easy job」

「That is strange……」

「What is it?」

「Ami’s job is Thief. And……it’s not like she’s dumb. Wouldn’t it be hard for the three of you, to sneak onto her without letting her notice?」

“Ahh, about that huh……”, *Pon*, the man puts a fist to his palm.

「My job, it’s a bit rare you know」

「Rare?」

「It’s the special job Ninja. Adding to that, well, I’m a bit light-fingered. I even fell to the underground guild, and I am here. Well, the abilities that Thieves who work to steal and Ninjas who work as assassins are somewhat……no, they’re quite different. When if comes to surprise attacks, just a Thief wouldn’t be able to notice me」

「Ninja……huh」

Junpei nodded with satisfaction.

「Ninja, if I’m correct, it has skills that increase agility right?」

「You’re asking something strange……are you talking about【Idaten】? It’s the skill that Ninjas have in the first place. It’s the most basic, and effective skill……increasing the evasion status by 75%」

「I see. Multiplying bonus huh……that’s great」

Junpei nodded with a face full of smiles.

He cannot be blamed. His evasion efficiency that is currently already 4300 will be increased by another 75%.

He cracked his knuckles, showed to fingers in front of the two. and declared.

「Two seconds. I’ll take care of you in two seconds」

Name : Takeda Junpei Thesaurus Points : 100

Level Up : 1160 → 1161

Bonus Points Gained : 5

Status

Job : Skill Hunter Level : 1161

HP : 1840 MP : 180

Attack Power : 300 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5) Defense Power : 425 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5)

Evasion Efficiency : 4405 (Junpei’s basic stat : 3855)

Equipments

Main : Magic Beast’s Canine (Mythological Class)

※Infused with God Killer attribute

Sub : S&W M57 Forty-one caliber Magnum (National Treasure Class)

※Bullets replenished using magic powers. No strengthening

Armor : Sword Saint’s Light Armor (Rare : Rank S)

※Defense Power +145 / Attack Power +45

Shield : Aegis’ Shield (Legendary Class)

※Defense Power +250 / Evasion Efficiency + 300

Mantle : Cloak of Evasion (Rare : Rank A)

※Passive that increases the basic Evasion Efficiency to 1.5 times

Shoes : Tenma no Tabi (National Treasure Class)

※Defense Power + 30 / Evasion Efficiency + 245

Skill (Skill Slot: 1 Remaining)

Appraisal Eyes (Super-Class)

Trash Box (Ultimate)



———————————————————————————————-

All Status Ailments Resistance

Butcher (Super-Class)

Monster Tame (Beginner Class)

Mimicry (Super-Class)

Acceleration (Special)



· Rise of the Herculean (Heroic-Class) / +650 Attack Power

· Explosive Strong Body (Master-Class) / +350 Attack Power and Defense Power

· Idaten (Job) / +75% Evasion Efficiency

Throwing (Master-Class)



Attributes

Undead King

※Changing Body Composition. Just like an undead, its body fluid, blood, and, meat would become a very strong neurotoxin.

Tamed Monsters

Pure Slime

Pandemic Slime

Sand Slime



Inside a dark dim cave.

The bare rock that had a faint green moss was being lighted by a candle.

Feeling that her lower half was being tampered, Ami woke up.

ーーthis place……is……?

“I should be inside the forest just a moment before……”, Ami thought.

“No……”, Ami used her sleepy head and think.

ーーI was, they sneaked on me from behind, I didn’t notice at all.

I was forced to smell a strong sleeping drug……and……

And there, Ami quickly opened her eyes and raised her body.

「…………ahccha……this is the worst」

A situation where she is only wearing her bra and shorts.

And, a huge naked man licking Ami’s feetーーJohn Burg.

「Y-Y-Yo, You wake……? You wake!! Hehehe……hehe!……」

Is something funny, John started to laugh out loud.

His spit scattered and his drool fell to the groundーー”Did he just use some drug……”, Ami narrowed her eyebrows.

However, it is not the time for that.

After all, without a doubt, her chastity is in danger.

「Haha! Hahaha! Ayayayay ask……I-I-I-I want t-to ask!!」

「Ask?」

「Hehe! Hehehe!!……heeehe!! You, good, too……but」

While scattering his spit, John asked Ami with a loud voice

「You, t-that man with you……he-he-hehe, he! He, where? Where is he?」

「……what do you mean」

「E-Exam, a-always……five days! BORING! SO BORING! T-Tha, That’ss w-why……I! AY! That m-man……h-he has a c-cute face! T-That’s why, the-the-DA!……two……you two……I-I will……t-take care……you two……sooo, soooooo, much……………kufufu……ufufu……」

It is not at the level of physiological repugnance. It was abominable.

It was so detestable that goose bumps quickly spread in Ami’s skin.

「W-W-Where? W-Where is he? Y-Yo-You, YOU were t-together?」

Ami checked the surroundings with the corner of her eyes.

Although there rock was bare, it looks like it was not an ordinary cave. Although it is unknown what the cave was used for, there is a wooden door that seems to be the entrance/exit.

Ami is only at a three-meter distance away from the door.

Quickly finishing confirming that, she looked at John’s crotchーー

「I won’t say it even if I die!」

ーーand released a kick.

The kick was a critical hit……and because it clearly hit the balls, Ami made a guts pose in her mind.

“HYAN!”, John made a girlish high-pitched tone, and fell to the ground.

Ami left him like that and started running to the door with her fastest speed.

ーーafter getting the first hit, it will be the stage of Thieves.

There was no way that the escape would not succeed because she focused on escaping on top of a successful surprise attack.

Ami sprinted towards the door with her first movement having a godly speed, and held the door knob.

As far as her skill confirmed early, there was no lock.

Ami pushed and pulled the door knobーーbut it would not open.

「……is there someone outside……closing it?」

With Ami’s words, a laughing voice could be heard from outside.

「Well, well, I was asked by John-san to be the gate guard you know? I’m sorry but, you can’t escape the cage」

「ーーtsk!!」

Ami could not help but click her tongue. She tried to break the door with a slam but she clearly loses to the gate guard in power.

“What should I do……”, she looked around inside the room again. However, there was no other exit.

And while that happened, John stood up while pressing his crotch.

「Y-Yo-YOU……Y-Y-YOU!! Y-Y-YOU……bitch……」

What came to John’s mind was not anger but rather, happiness.

「Uu! Uu!……Ushishi……hya!……usshi!……t-t-this……this is!………fuu!……fuhhi! FUHYA!! YOU’RE……YOU’RE SO CUTE!! FUHIHI!!!」

*Hita, Hita*, while making eerie footsteps, John approached Ami.

And that thing in his crotch started to standーー

Ami held her mouth from disgust. Her stomach fluid went up to her throat that she might vomit anytime but she desperately held it back.

Seeing that, John asked feeling strange.

「We……WEIRD! WEIRD GIRL! Fuhihi! I-I-It’s not like……it’s a b-big deal!……why, vomit? Ne〜, ne〜? Why vomit? A-A-After all……i-it’s not like, y-you’re……vir……kufufu……virgin……」

「……」

Seeing Ami with a pale face, “Is it that……”, John made an indecent smile.

「Y-Y-You……d-don’t……t-tell……me……you……vir……kufufu……virgin? Kishishi……」

Instantly, the thing in John’s crotch became larger once again.

Its size could be as large as a baby’s arm.

At least, it has a size and shape that was enough to stir up Ami’s fear who, having no sexual experience.

John grabbed both of Ami’s shoulders.

「S-Stop……stop please……」

Not minding her plead at all, John forcefully pushed Ami to the ground.

「Ushi……ushishishi……!」

Once again, John started to lick Ami’s toe.

Does he have a fetish for feet, he places her toe in his mouth and thoroughly licked it.

While desperately holding back her disgust and nausea, Ami calmly analyzes the situation once again.

Inside the cage, there is only Ami and the beast.

The difference between their status are clear. On top of that, they are under a lawless situation where everything would be forgiven other than murder.

And, Ami has participated in such exam aware of that.

ーーI’m completely screwed.

ーー

John’s sticky tongue went up, from her toes to the top of her foot, it went up to her shit, and came to her thigh.

And there, John took off his tongue from Ami’s skin for once, and approached her face.

「Ushi……ushishi……」

From how he was wetting his lips, it looks like he was planning on kissing her.

However, there was a matter that made her shiver more than his disgusting face.

John who is excited has a rough breathing. Adding to that, he is breathing with his mouth as well.

There is only a 20cm distance between the two’s faces, and inevitably, John’s breath directly goes to Ami’s nose.

And his smellーーit was too foul smelling.

It was likeーーsubstances from rotting organs were extracted, and after boiling it for three days and there nights, it was left outside for weeks during a rainy seasonーーit smelled like that

Because of the situation and that despair-like breath, Ami was finally about to be crushed by grief.

ーーbut, in this kind of world, while doing work of thieves……having my body clean by itself, might have been a miracle. Even when I got caught once, I was only confined and tortured too……

She looked at the ceiling with those feelings of resignation.

“It’ll end while I’m counting the stains in the ceiling……”, she had read a similar line in a manga or something. “Come to think of it, that was a line during the bridal night of a political marriage……”, Ami thought while having tears in the corner of her eyes.

John’s lips were already there. If John moves his head just a little bit, it will be the auspicious first kiss.

And after that, it will probably be a one-sided heated deep kiss.

John’s bad breath, it is already no different with feces.

“Really……”, Ami thought. “What kind of joke is this……”, she added.

But at that timeーー

ーーthe explosive sound of the door being destroyed echoed.

An instant later, a “person” came flying.

That small man, he is probably John’s subordinate who obstructed Ami from escaping from the other side of the door.

*Dosun*, together with that sound, he crashed into the back wall.

Surprised, John raised his body.

But in the next instant, John received a kick on his face and was blown away backwards while his nose blood scattered.

「Eh? Eh? EH?!」

In Ami’s confused eyes, another peculiar scene occurred.

「Hello there」

Beside Junpei who entered slowly from the door, one man was standing.

That man was wearing a collar that seems to be for dogs, and had his leash held by his master, Junpei.

From how he was pressing some of his bruises on his face, even Ami understood that that was the result of him getting beaten up instead.

「Stop right thereーーyou fucking bastard. I hate guys like you the most」

Junpei took off his cloak and threw it to Ami.

「It looks like I was barely on time. Sorry for being late」

And towards John, Junpei said while raising his middle finger.

「Get out……I’ll play with you」





Chapter 4 - Fourth Examination 2 (Part 2)


「Ee〜to……John……right?」

Junpei asked while glaring at John.

Leaving the cave, there is the deep forest.

「W-W-Wrong!」

「Wrong? What is?」

「AY!……I-I am……JOHN BURG……! I-I AM J-J-JOHN BURG!! D-Don’t call me……just John!!」

John had his face red, started shouting to show his anger.

Just like Ami thought earlier, Junpei also thought “this guy, is he on drugs or something?”.

「By the way, you……I heard that your hobby is rape and good at killing?」

Asked by that, John vigorously shook his head vertically to nod.

「T-T-That’s right! I! LOVE WOMEN! LOVE MEN TOO! A-A-And……d-destroying those who……d-do not follow……I LOVE IT TOO!! Uhi, uhihi……」

「You……how many have you raped?」

「He?!……hehe……hey, hey! Y-You! Y-You you!」

「What?」

「H-H-Have you it……e-eaten cheese?」

「Yeah, of course?」

「I-I-Is it your f-favorite?」

「I don’t hate it」

When Junpei answered, John grinned.

「Y-You, d-d-do you r-remember how, how m-many cheese y-you h-have eaten?」

「No, I don’t remember」

“That’s the answer”, John deepened his already distorted smile.

Junpei made two fists, and made a boxing stance.

Seeing that, John nodded in satisfaction.

「You! T-The guy you d-defeated……h-he hit in the face. P-Probably, l-l-lost in o-one hit……」

“He〜”, Junpei took a breath.

He thought that John is very stupid, but……he does not have a bad point of view when it comes to battle.

「T-T-That’s why……you!……thin, but……martial artist……fufu! I-I don’t use w-weapon too……o-our affi-affinity……the best!!」

「Affinity?」

「I-I, ph-physical strength A-Rank, high-class adventurer l-level……kufuf. UHYA……hyahya! D-Don’t g-get surprised! M-MY skill……」

「…………」

「Skill【Limit Cut】! S-S-Super, SUPER CLASS……!! KUHAHA! Attack power, defense power……a-addi-additional……750……s-s-status!! UHI! UHIHI! The best……I-I……the best! T-The, I, I the strongestーーーーー!!」

Junpei approached John using light steps.

On the other hand, John just stood in his place without making any stance.

Junpei made a feint using a left job movement and threw a straight with full strength towards John’s nose.

The fresh blood scattered like petals.

However, John did not falter.

「I thought you look stupid and dull, but……」

His nasal bone should’ve been crushed.

The instant his blow landed, Junpei felt an unpleasant feeling on his fist.

However, John did not show any expression of pain or suffering.

「……you, is your sense of pain numb?」

John made a pleasant smile and grabbed Junpei’s right wrist above his gloves.

「Fuhi, I caught you……I caught you……!!」

Overwhelming arm strength attacked Junpei’s wrist.

Sweat from Junpei’s forehead fell because of the pain coming from being grabbed.

「I see. This is amazing……a complete power fighter. My attack powers right now is 1000 even without a weapon, so I thought that it would be a decent fight even with a simple fist fight……you, the added bonus is 750 right? What the heck’s with your base status?」

「Uhihi……my level is 120……HP is 500 and defense powers is 50……my evasion efficiency is 50, everything other than that is all into attack powers. M-My attack power i-is over 2000!……fuhi!……fuhihi, fist f-fighting……strength co-contest……you can’t win……!!」

「Fist fight?」

Junpei snorted and suddenly loosen strength on his right hand and took it off from his glove.

And like that, he got away from John’s grab after removing his glove from his hand.

「O?」

「ーーwho and when, did anyone say I’ll fight you on the same grounds?」

Junpei immediately took a back step, taking distance from John.

「OI! W-W-Wait! D-D-Don’t run!!」

After taking a 20-meter distance, Junpei stopped.

「You’re quite off……who the hell would run away from a ‘great customer’ like you」

Junpei took a knife from his waist.

「I completely understood that it’s bad to have a handicap against advanced classes, although there’s a difference with our actual strength. I’ll say thanks to that honestly」

The number of throwing knives that Junpei has around his torso is only 4.

Unlike the one-use throwing knife that he has in his cloak, the use of this 4 that is hidden in his upper clothing is different. It has a 10-meter wire, and he can bring it back to his hand even if he throws it.

「Well then……shall we start?」

*Hyu*, a wind cutting sound.

As if it cuts through the air, the knife flew towards John.

Finally, a small falling sound was made.

John looked at the ground and had a dumb expression.

「……eh?」

It is John’s right ear that was cut off that fell there.

*Shun*, a wind cutting sound once again.

This time, John felt heat from his left ear.

And, another sound of something that has fallen.

*Shun*, John’s right little finger fell from its first joint.

*Shun*, John’s right little finger fell from the second joint.

*Shun!*, Junpei threw his knife and removed one part of John’s body.

Junpei reeled the wire and recovered the thrown knife.

*Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*.

The knives got thrown one next to the other.

「【Throwing】that I stole from that missing teeth guy. I see, this is quite usefull」

Up until now, Junpei throws his knife with a very accurate aim.

However, that is only at the level of being outside of common sense from a human’s view.

It could be said that it had a 100% accuracy.

However, this time it’s different.

The best way to describe it is that, he could control it within millimeters.

Although, originally, the【Throwing】skill does not have such performance unless it is Super-Class. And in fact, the proficiency of the skill that Junpei stole from the man with missing teeth is only Master-Class.

But on the contrary, because there is the added accuracy bonus from Junpei’s super evasion efficiency, an absurd level of precision throwing became possible.

Currently, with the effects of the【Idaten】skill that Junpei stole from the Ninja job man, Junpei’s evasion efficiency is already over 7000. Those skills and status had both effects on each other, creating a godly throwing ability.

「……it is really useful. The knife and throwing skill……it is really useful, just like this……cutting off disgusting creatures. It’s the best combination」

Once again, Junpei threw his knife.

Junpei is also planning from now on when he is going against those that is stronger than him inside the labyrinth, he will use a knife coated with blood and poison. With that in mind, this kind of control should become a strong ally.

But leaving that at the side, John’s nose got cut off and fell to the ground.

John who seem to have finally grasped the situation charged towards Junpei in a hurry.

「You! You You! T-That’s unfair, UNFAIR!」

「I’ll take that as a compliment」

Knife thrown together with those words.

Fresh blood scattered from John’s cheek.

John charged without taking that in mind and finally, Junpei is finally within his reach.

「Y-You, you you! I-If we’re close……y-you onlyーー」

John moved his limbs at amazing speed and released attacks towards Junpei.

Right hook.

Left upper.

Left low kick.

Right middle.

There was no combination at all, they were only thoughtless attacks.

With a red face, John shouted towards Junpei dodged all of that with leisure.

「You! You you you! D-D-Don’t m-m-move!!」

John releases full swings of telephone punches with anger.

And then, Junpei suddenly jumpedーーand stood on John’s fist.

「Really……even flies might stop in your attacks」

John lost his words.

He could not be blamed, an impossible phenomenon just happened in front of him.

Not only his attacks got dodged by his opponent, he even jumped and stood on his fist.

It was as if a child against an adult, no, it was an adventurer against a baby.

Finally, reaching this far, John understood the difference between their strength.

And in the next instant, John’s heart was completely dyed with fear.

Junpei who jumped from the top of John’s fist landed on his head.

「Is that your full strength?」

John was frightened by the taunting words, andーーhe thought.

He thought that he is in the completely same stage as those women or men that he trampled one-sidedly.

The same stage with those guys that he raped, destroyed, stole, and killed using overwhelming violenceーー

ーーJohn understood that correctly.

That’s why, he shouted in his place.

「HYA……HYA! HYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!! H-H-HE-HELP!!……HEEEEEEEEEEEEEELPPPPPPP!!」

He swung his arms around, shed tears, and while dirtying himself with blood, snot, all kinds of liquidーーhe ran away.

He ran away using all his strength, he ran away.

However, *Hyun*, a wind cutting sound.

「Oi, oi, we’re just getting started? If the main character runs away……it will get boring」

And in the next instant, John tremendously collapsed forward. And the reason for that is, Junpei completely sliced off John’s right Achilles heel.

Following that, Junpei threw two knives.

With just those to knives, all of the toes on John’s left and right feet got torn off.

ーーat this point, John’s future as an adventurer, or as a combat personnel was completely severed.

The toes have an important role in balancing a human’s body.

John might be able to walk depending on how his rehabilitation goes, but he would not be able to sprint.

For people whose lifework is to battle, it is a too much of a handicap.

「Aa……aa……」

Junpei walked towards John who collapsed with a casual expression.

「Hey, earlier, I asked you how many you raped right?」

「Ya-Y-Yesh……」

*Hyun*, a wind cutting sound.

The knife pierced to John’s ass.

「And well……about that question from earlier? I thought of throwing knives at you just the number of people you had raped. So, with that answer of yours, I got amazed」

And then, John screamed with all the voice he could muster.

「TWO!! Only……ONLY TWO……I-I-I only……I ONLY RAPED TWO!!」

A wind cutting sound without delay.

「Who’d believe that, you dumbass!」

A knife removed a part of John’s thigh.

「H-H-Help, HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLPPPP!!」

However, the merciless knife did not stop.

*Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*.

As if to say “the next after toes are……”, knives flew one next to the other towards John’s fingers.

If they lose their thumb or little finger, humans would have difficulties in holding things. Leaving aside light things, it would be impossible to make a full swing using a large weapon.

Although this does not need to be said, it is a fatal fault as a combat personnel.

John had already lost most of his combat ability and will to fight and became an existence that could only curl his body in his place like a turtle.

「S-S-Stop……staaap……ple-pleaaase……」

But even so, Junpei did not stop throwing his knives.

*Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*.

It was as if he is removing John’s body parts one by one.

「GYA. GYAA! NO, NOO………NOOOOOOOOOOOOーーーー!!」

And there, Junpei stopped his hand.

「Hey, you?」

「W-W-What?」

「Have you been told the same line by women……or maybe men too?」

「T-T-They said earlier!!」

「They said? What did they say?」

「T-T-The s-same number with cheese!!」

「Although I don’t need to ask this, did you listen to them at all?」

John made a huge nod full of confidence.

「O-O-Once……」

「Once?」

「NOT EVEN ONCE!!」

Junpei emotionlessly stared at John who said that confidently for a while.

And then, he narrowed his brows and made an expression of rage.

「AAhh, damn it, all, all, All, ALL OF THESE GUYSーーwhy are you, so, honest to yourselves? Why are you faithful to your desires?」

Shouting at a loud voice, Junpei continued throwing his knives.

「WE ARE HUMANS! We are not animals!」

*Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*, *Shun*.

The fresh blood scattered and wounds that got engraved.

「Hey, answer me! Why are you so trash?! Hey, why? Tell me why?」

While continuing his turtle posture, John continued screaming in delirium.

「F-F-Forgi, Forgive me!! P-Please……please for……forgive……」

「On top of all of those fucking things, you’re begging for your life! Damn itーーwhat an annoying bastard!!」

「F-For-Forgive me……f-for……forgive……」

「Oi, hey fucktard, answer! Why do guys like you……why are you fuckers living as you like outside, and I, I am going through all this……damn it! Damn it! Damn it! DAMN IT!」

After saying all of that, Junpei shook his head.

The blood-soaked John was already convulsing and became an existence that is just waiting for death.

Junpei approached John and reached out his right palm to him.

When Junpei did that, a faint bright green light was released from his palm and enveloped John.

「I see. This is useful」

ーー【Recovery Magic】Master-class.

It’s the skill that Junpei stole from the man that was guarding John’s group’s hideout.

Junpei had only sliced John shallowly, but because he got excited, the number of wounds was too much.

In short, he got carried away.

Junpei, although without intention, wounded John to the verge of dyingーーbut the effect of【Recovery Magic】was more than expected.

All of John’s wounds stopped bleeding within tens of seconds and got covered by the dark red plasma of scabs.

However, scabs are only scabs. John’s wounds will open if he moves even just a little.

But, it is a perfect score when it comes to first aid.

「This is really useful. For tormenting people alive or stealing skills without killing……there is nothing that is more useful……well, my skill slot is full so I’m going to throw it away here though……」

“Well then……”, Junpei double-checked.

「Skill【Limit Cut】. Adds 750 attack powers and defense powers, huh……」

And, he nodded satisfied.

「With this, even inside the labyrinth……it might be slightly, good enough」



Name : Takeda Junpei Thesaurus Points : 100

Level Up : 1161

Bonus Points Gained : 0

Status

Job : Skill Hunter Level : 1161

HP : 1840 MP : 180

Attack Power : 300 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5) Defense Power : 425 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5)

Evasion Efficiency : 4405 (Junpei’s basic stat : 3855)

Equipments

Main : Magic Beast’s Canine (Mythological Class)

※Infused with God Killer attribute

Sub : S&W M57 Forty-one caliber Magnum (National Treasure Class)

※Bullets replenished using magic powers. No strengthening

Armor : Sword Saint’s Light Armor (Rare : Rank S)

※Defense Power +145 / Attack Power +45

Shield : Aegis’ Shield (Legendary Class)

※Defense Power +250 / Evasion Efficiency + 300

Mantle : Cloak of Evasion (Rare : Rank A)

※Passive that increases the basic Evasion Efficiency to 1.5 times

Shoes : Tenma no Tabi (National Treasure Class)

※Defense Power + 30 / Evasion Efficiency + 245

Skill (Skill Slot: 1 Remaining)

Appraisal Eyes (Super-Class)

Trash Box (Ultimate)



———————————————————————————————-

All Status Ailments Resistance

Butcher (Super-Class)

Monster Tame (Beginner Class)

Mimicry (Super-Class)

Acceleration (Special)



· Rise of the Herculean (Heroic-Class) / +650 Attack Power

· Explosive Strong Body (Master-Class) / +350 Attack Power and Defense Power

· Idaten (Job) / +75% Evasion Efficiency

Throwing (Master-Class)



· Limit Cut (Super-Class) / +750 Attack Power and Defense Power

Attributes

Undead King

※Changing Body Composition. Just like an undead, its body fluid, blood, and, meat would become a very strong neurotoxin.

Tamed Monsters

Pure Slime

Pandemic Slime

Sand Slime





Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 1)


Junpei is thinking of this and that while going towards the cave.

Ami’s pair is a member of John’s group……the man with missing teeth, so with that, the two of them have completed the requirements to pass the fourth examination.

If they hide in some place for a few days, the two will pass with just that.

It looks like the cave that John’s group were using was a hideout of mountain bandits or something.

It can be used without problem for blocking wind and rain, so it is good to take advantage of it.

“Leaving that on the side……”, Junpei let out a sigh.

First, what to do with Kido’s henchmen.

During the fourth examinationーーit is exactly the best opportunity to take revenge.

On top of that, he is from Earth.

Thinking about the【Acceleration】that Junpei got from Sakakibara in the elf’s forest, a special skill that controls time, and the Skill Hunt ability that Junpei has himself, there is a high possibility that Earthlings gains strong powers when coming to this world.

Well, looking at Ami, it does not seem that it is absolutely like that……

No, there is the possibility that maybe Ami herself has not noticed her skill.

Thinking up to that, Junpei saw the entrance of the cave.

“And also……”, Junpei thought.

He had gained so many skills in just a few hours, and his battle strength increased very quickly.

On top of that……it was all without risk.

As expected of having the name of Extreme Skill,【Trash Box】was not simple.

Thinking of that, this place is the best place for skill hunting. The five-day period until the examination ends, there should be an opportunity to gain a stronger skill.

“But……”, Junpei shook his head.

Right now, there is Ami, a partner that Junpei had alliance temporarily.

Just expected of her saying that she had passed through life and death situations, Ami is not a small fry at all.

However, just like the situation shows, she was quickly taken away when Junpei was not around, it is a clear fact that she lacks the ability to break through this examination.

When Junpei entered the cave, he stopped in front of the room earlier and called out.

「Oi, Ami? Are you there?」

「……un. What about John?」

「I nullified him. He’s currently tied up with a rope without consciousness outside」

「……you really took care of him huh……in this examination, you might be the most monstrous」

While making a wry smile, Junpei asked Ami.

「Can I enter?」

「n? Why are you asking something like that?」

「You, you were half naked, right? I gave you my cloak, so it shouldn’t be a bad situation even if I entered, but……」

「Ahh, I took some clothes from those guys tied up there, so it’s alright」

The one that Junpei took with him and another that was blown away together with the door.

The both of them have their limbs tied up caterpillar style and thrown near the cage’s entrance.

When he looked at them, the man with missing teeth had his outerwear taken off just as Ami said.

Confirming up to that, Junpei entered inside.

「……I see. You did it like that huh」

「It looks good on me right?」

「It’s a little……shows too much skin」

Maybe, described as amazon style.

The green colored man’s outerwear was processed simply by tearing it with a knife and needle and thread, but it is only barely hiding her chest, from her waist to her thighs, so the amount of skin she is showing is too high.

「I think that it’s made well although it’s just a lash up〜. Well, we’ll return to the place where I lost my consciousness later right? I have my change of clothes and baggage there too……」

After thinking for a moment, Junpei nodded.

「No, let’s go now」

「Why?」

「You have a change of clothes right? That shows too much skin……I don’t know where to look at you」

And then, “Fufu”, Ami laughed.

「You, don’t you have some cute side?」

「Shut up」

「E〜to, uh……I want to ask something」

「What?」

「Ne〜, you……what’s your……name? You’re blonde, but……you’re Japanese right? The nickname JP doesn’t fit you too……well, it looks like you like having your secrets, so……it’s fine even if you don’t tell me」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders.

「The reason why you got caught, is because I showed foolishness. Sorry about that」

「……what is it, so suddenly? I mean, it’s not your fault at all right?」

Junpei became silent for a while and narrowed his eyebrows thinking of something.

And, he said.

「It’s Junpei(順平). Jun of 順調(Junchō), and Pei of 平和(Heiwa)」

Ami widened her eyes.

「……eh?」

*Kotsun*, Junpei dropped a soft fist on her head and made a smile.

「And, Takeda Shingen’s(武田信玄) Takedaーーthat’s right, I’m Takeda Junpei」

And then, he looked away from Ami and gestured her to go out.

「It’s like that, so let’s hurry up and go. I really don’t know where to look at you」

When they returned to where Ami was taken away, there was still Junpei and Ami’s baggage on the ground.

The two collected that and Ami immediately wore her outerwear.

「By the way……Junpei?」

「What?」

「I know that you have things about you, but……you, what in the world are you?」

「What do you mean by that?」

「Those ninja-like movements that you show in the forest, and John’s henchmen……you probably……defeated them with one hit right?」

Receiving Ami’s dubious gaze, Junpei shrugged his shoulders awkwardly.

「……no, it was quite a tough fight」

「Do you really think I’ll believe that?」

「Well, anyways, I’m just saying don’t make unneeded inquiries. Since I said that it was a tough fight, whatever you think, you must not intrude about that, and the opposite is the same」

Junpei clapped his hands to signal the end of the conversation.

「If you, intrude more than this, it’ll be the end of our cooperation」

Ami shrugged her shoulders and shook her head.

「Okay. I got it」

At that time, Junpei felt a cold shiver on his back.

ーーa person’s presence a few meters behind.

It was something impossible.

Junpei turned around with a pale face.

In the first place, Junpei’s five senses who proudly has an overwhelming evasion efficiency is already beyond human levels. The reconnaissance ability he has when he gets serious, it is no different from a high-performance radar within a radius of several hundreds of meters.

Adding to that, he did the failure of letting Ami get taken away, so thinking that there might be other people targeting them other than John’s group, he is not letting his guard down at all, pressing the switch of his reconnaissance ability on, although it is not at its fullest.

Just as mentioned earlier, the burden that this ability presses on Junpei’s brain is big, but he is using although he is aware of that.

That is why Junpei lost his words.

His self who should have an absolute reconnaissance ability had his back taken in an instant.

「Hey, you brother?」(TL: I’m really sorry for not being able to translate kansai-ben.)

Asked by a unique kansai-ben intonation, Junpei thought “What should I do……”, and got stuck with his words.

Long pierces with mixed gold and silver, a host-style appearance.

It’s the man Junpei marked as a person to watch out for together with the red-haired girl.

「…………」

「I’ll be troubled if you don’t say anything……」

「……what?」

「Hey brother? You’re from the labyrinth right?」

The man said with a casual expression.

Junpei immediately looked towards Ami.

「……oi, Ami? I need to talk to this guy for a bit. In the worst case, I might not be coming back but……can you go first?」

「It looks like, you have many things about you too……huh. And, probably……you won’t tell me even if I ask, right?」

「It’s good that you understand quickly」

「Don’t push yourself too much okay?」

「Be on guard until I come back. I won’t come and save you if you get taken away again……protect your own self」

Ami lightly nodded and ran from that place.

Confirming that her footsteps faded away, Junpei looked at the host-style manーーhe looked at Harada Ryouichi head-on.

「How did you know I’m from the labyrinth?」

“Haha”, while laughing with his nose, Harada answered.

「If a middle-schooler is together with a group of kindergarteners, well, you’ll know in an instant right?」

“Well……”, Junpei thought.

He himself noticed the two foreign matters immediately when the examination started. So it was probably the same for them.

「And so, who the hell are you?」

「Well, if you little bro is a middle-schooler, then I’m a college student. And……I am……from the group that clears the deepest floors……and, so, little bro has heard about it too, right?」

Junpei has heard about that many times from the shota God.

「……and then?」

「The dragon species……I mean, it’s about that red-haired girl. I couldn’t see her at the third examination but……do little bro know where she is?」

「Yeah, I know」

Junpei judged that it would be more troublesome making him angry with a bad lie, so he told the truth.

「If so, it’s good then. Do you know where she went to? My purpose of going out is that little girl」

「I’ll say it. But, there’s a condition」

“Hmm”, and there, Harada places his hand on his chin.

「Condition?」

「I’m clearing the labyrinth……no, I’m forced to clear the labyrinth. So there, I have a suggestion for you」

「Suggestion?」

「What’s in there in the deepest part of the labyrinth? Give and take……it’s proper to tell some information first if you want information right?」

And then, Harada approached Junpei.

And, *PonPon*, he patted Junpei’s shoulder and said while smiling.

「I thought of this from earlier but, little bro has a very stiff expression? I don’t know what you’re carrying but, let’s take it easier」

Junpei did not know how to answer to Harada who said words with a leisure expression and tone.

Towards the faltering Junpei, Harada smiled again and took something from his pocket.

「You want to eat candy? It’s Osaka’s famous pineapple candy」

Pineapple candy……?

Come to think of it, it is said that the Obachans from Osaka carries it with them with a super high probability.

Although the truth is unknown, the Osaka’s Obachan’s way of saying is “Ame-chan ageyoka(You want some candy)?”.

「Does it have poison or something?」

Junpei received the wrapped candy dubiously.

「Ohh, poisoned huh……how did you know?」

Towards the man who winked with a light tone, Junpei said as if to demand an explanation.

「Is there really poison inside? Well, I think that poison rarely works on me」

He could not let himself be killed by poison just like that.

「That’s right, that’s right; actually, it’s a specially made candy you know? This is my signature move. I mean, I survived in the labyrinth with this you know? I gave the Cerberus and Dragon candies for greetings, and they were insta-killed…………wait, what?!」(TL: Nandeyanen)

It was a beautiful nori-tsukkomi.

Junpei who saw that live for the first time made a dumbfounded expression.

「No, no, no, no, no, no, no! Ame-chan Poisoning Incident? That’s impossible alright?! 」

「For the meantime, I’ll thankfully receive it」

Junpei removed the wrapper and placed the candy inside his mouth.

A subtle sweetness and sourness spread in his mouth.

「Well I mean, in the first place, I don’t have any merits from killing little bro right now right?」

「Well, that’s true. You haven’t heard any information yet after all. Also, this candy tastes good. Thanks」





Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 2)


“In the first place, you know”, Harada made a fighting pose after saying that.

「Even if I don’t use such troublesome tactics, it’ll end in an instant you know? After all, I have learned karate in Osaka after all?」

“Karate?”, Junpei’s ears moved.

Junpei himself did not have any experience in sports or martial arts when he was still in Japan.

“However……”, Junpei thought.

As a problem, in fact, he wondered how the skills learned in the previous world will be treated in this world.

Since Harada is someone from the deepest parts of the labyrinth, there is no doubt that he has extraordinary battle abilities and skills. So maybe, a secret might be hidden around the experience Harada had in karate.

「Karate……huh」

Junpei held his breath, and Harada slowly nodded.

「ーーit’s just karate correspondence course though」

It was just a gag. Junpei could not help but stagger.

Harada nodded with satisfaction as he looked at Junpei who almost fell down.

「That’s good, that’s good. Little bro started to relax huh」

「Rather than relax, I just felt listless……」

「And so……was it about the information of what’s there in the deepest parts of the labyrinth?」

Junpei nodded.

「Do you know about the manga where any wish will be granted after collecting seven balls?」

「You can tell that I’m Japanese right?」

「If someone in the group that clears the labyrinth cannot tell that level of【Mimicry】 exists, they would be hermits」

「The skill level, it’s super-class though……」

Harada asks again to Junpei who made a wry smile.

「And so, does little bro knows?」

「If there’s someone who doesn’t know about that manga where any wish will be granted after collecting seven balls……wouldn’t that be a hermit as a Japanese?」

「That’s right, that’s right. And so, I’ll ask another thing……what about the blue cat that would take out convenient tools from his pocket and grant whatever you wishes?」

「Of course I know」

「I guessed so. The answer, it’s simple……it’s just that」

And there, Junpei froze.

Junpei thought of the meanings Harada said many times and opened his mouth with a dumbfounded expression.

「……don’t tell me, the reward after clearing the labyrinth……it grants any wish……is it something like that?」

「That’s right!」

「For something like that……you guys distort your own lifespan until you get crazy……you spent thousands of years deep in that labyrinth, just for that?」

“Yeah”, Harada nodded.

「It’s because of that, those perfectly adult people touched the taboo, extended their lifespans, and try and clear it until they lose their minds. Doesn’t little bro had met that kind of guys as well? Weird guys, trying to escape from the deepest parts, living for thousands of years, and……because of that, their head became crazy」

「……I do……or maybe not……?」

The torture man’s face appeared in Junpei’s mind, but for some reason, his knowledge and memories would not connect properly.

Junpei almost fell down to the ground together with a faint headache.

「Are you okay? Little bro? Your face……it’s really pale?」

「……」

Harada shrugged his shoulders to Junpei who became silent.

「Well, whatever. And so, I thought little bro what I know. It’s little bro’s turn right?」

「…………before that, I want to ask another thing」

「What?」

「Your leader……he got tricked by the god and forced to spend a ridiculous length of time right?」

Harada nodded after thinking for a while.

「That’s some information you have there? Well……I also heard it like that. If I’m correct, it’s was for 90 million years……and so?」

「Why……why is he extending his life although he could die? He should’ve had enough of living, and his salvation is death」

Harada looked up to the sky and opened his mouth towards that question.

「It’s for revenge」

「Revenge……?」

“Yeah”, Harada nodded.

「Wanting to die but cannot. When a person is thrown into such a prison of time, even little bro knows that they can’t choose any other choice but to get crazy right?」

「Yeah. Even if I’m told to do that for 90 million years……I’ll say no thank you with all that I have」

Harada made a wry smile as he looked far away.

「That person……he broke through the prison of time called 90 million years without getting crazy, even doing surgery to his own brain. That’s right, he spent all that time sane…… everything for the revenge……revenge to that shota god who did that thing to him」

“I think it’s crazy enough ticking one’s own brain……”, but of course, Junpei will not say such thoughtless thing.

「All wish can be granted. And as long as it is like that, inevitably……it is possible……to kill even a god?」

「That’s right. I have my own wish, and other guys have their own wish as well」

After nodding in silence, Junpei pointed to the direction where the red-haired girl ran to.

「n? What is it?」

「You protected your promise and told me the information. That’s why, I also need to answer to that right?」

「He〜……」

「What?」

「I only saw guys with rotten personalities recently because of living in the labyrinth for so long, so. I feel like an honest boy like little bro feels refreshing……」

“Anyways”, Junpei clapped his hands.

「If you’re talking about that loli grandma, she flew to this direction yesterday during the break. Well, I don’t know where she went to though」

「However……saying it so easily is strange too you know? You can easily tell that I’m chasing that young looking girl without good intentions right?」

「It’s not like I’m told to be quiet about it?」

Junpei almost said, “That loli grandma……she’s not a creature in a level that I should be worried about right……”, but he stopped.

It was not like Junpei trusts Harada. It would be for the best to not say unnecessary things.

And then, Harada started tapping Junpei’s shoulders.

「Hahaha! Well, well, really, I like you little bro!」

Harada had a light air and attitude as usual……

Junpei got troubled narrowed his eyebrows to that attitude.

Adding to that, Harada started taking off the top of his black suits and became half-naked.

「Oi, you……?」

Harada laughed towards Junpei who had doubts showing in his face.

And then, he made a fist and pounded his chest.

「Little bro, try punching me here with full strength?」

「No, really……what the heck are you talking about?」

「Just do it, just do it〜」

「I mean, you already got what you wanted right? Hurry up and go」

「I’ll go after you punch me so punch quickly?」

Junpei made a dubious face towards Harada who was grinning.

Osaka dialect.

Naked upper body.

Both men.

And the declaration to punch himself.

Junpei made a conclusion after adding those up.

That is right, this guyーー

ーーーーno matter how you look at it, he’s a pervert. Thank you very much.

But leaving that on the side, Harada really seemed that he would not leave as long as Junpei does not punch him.

“So troublesome……”, Junpei swung his fist while he thought of that.

「No, no. It’s not like that, it’s not like that」

「……?」

「I don’t feel any will in that posture! You don’t plan on hitting me seriously right?」

「There’s no merit on punching you after all」

“Yareyare”, Harada then said while he let out a sigh.

「Merits? Whatever, anyways, you should just hit with all you got」

「What do you mean?」

「There isn’t an effect if it’s not like that」

「Really, what the heck?」

「I’m just telling you, you’ll understand after you do it so hit me hard?」

「You’re really an annoying bastard……」

Junpei became annoyed already and was ready to swing his fist while he twists his body.

「That’s good! It’s good as long as you do it seriously!」

「I’ll really do it seriously you stupid bastard! Don’t cry on me since you’re the one who said it!!」

Junpei’s fist hits Harada’s left chest.

Together with the landing of his fist to Harada’s chest, Junpei collapsed to the ground.

「Ka!……ha!……」

Junpei was unable to breath having an intense stimulation to his left lung.

He started to cough unable to hold it.

「See? It’s amazing right?」

Harada grinned and nodded many times in satisfaction as he looked at Junpei who fell to his knees.

「Gehho!……kaha!……!……!! Wha……what the heck……is this? Why……do I get damaged, although I’m the one who punched?」

「【Physical Attack Reflect】」

Harada said with his chest out with a very smug expression.

「【Physical Attack Reflect】……you say?」

「It’s one of the Extreme Skills……there’s this Physics Laws Intervention you know?」

「Intervention……physics laws?」

“Come to think of it, the red-haired girl was saying something like that too. And she also used a similar power. That only means……”, and while Junpei thought of that, Harada spoke what he guessed.

「If you become closer to the deepest parts, allies and enemies who can use this power will start appearing……I mean, it’s a must-have ability to walk properly in the deepest parts」

Junpei chose his words carefully and asked Harada after thinking for a while.

「Why are you saying something like that to me?」

「Well, if you ask for a reason……is something like……I liked little bro, so I showed it to you as an example, not enough for a reason?」

「Although that skill……it’s one of your trump cards?」

「Well, yeah that’s true」

「If so, then it isn’t something that you should show to me who you don’t know whether it’s an enemy or not, right?」

And then, Harada started laughing with mouth wide open and while he holds his stomach.

「Haha! Hahaha! Hahahahahahahahahaha! Ahaha! Hii! Fuhya! Hahahahahaha!」

Junpei was caught off guard to Harada who suddenly started to laugh out loud.

Harada ignored Junpei who was stunned and continued to laugh, and he even started rolling on the ground.

「Hii……haha! Hahaha! Hahahahahahahahaha! Ahahaha!」

「Oi……you……what the heck is funny?」

Harada started laughing even more to Junpei’s question and rolled on the groundーーthat was for 3 minutes.

Harada who calmed down said as he wiped his tears with his little finger.

「Ha!……hahaha……! Well, well, it’s been a long time since I laughed like that」

「No, really, what the heck’s funny?」

「Little bro has some gag sense too huh. I thought you were some serious boy, so that was a surprise attack from a different dimension」

「I’m asking you, what the heck’s funny?」

「A-re? Don’t tell me, that earlier……it wasn’t a gag?」

Junpei asked again without hiding his annoyance to Harada who made a dumb expression.

「That’s why I’m asking, what the heck’s funny? Stop joking around?」

“Yareyare”, Harada shrugged his shoulders.

「Something like that, of course, it’s because I’m absolutely confident on myself」

「……absolutely confident?」

「Little bro, do you really think you can reach the deepest parts like that? Anyways, I won’t have anything to do with little bro from now on, so even if I tell you that……I won’t really mind right?」

Junpei felt something bad from the deepest part of Harada’s eyes after he became expressionless.

Harada is not looking at Junpei as a human. No……Harada only looks at Junpei’s strength, as『those other things』.

It is true that Junpei is nearly invincible in the outside world’s standard, however, even so, he is still half-baked compared to those in the area of the deepest parts.

In other words, for Harada, the difference between Junpei and those other guys who are taking the exam were like white ant, red ant, and black ant.

That is why the reason why Harada showed his skill earlier was completely from kindness. ーーin other words, it’s like placing a candy near an ant’s nest.

「That might be true, but……」

Junpei had only experienced the gaze of a person looking at him no better than an ant during he faced off with the god. It was not something that he could get used to……or rather, it was simply unpleasant.

And unknown whether Harada noticed those Junpei’s feelings, “Anyways……”, Harada started again.

「I need to chase after that little girl’s butt, so……」

Harada started walking towards the direction that Junpei pointed earlier.

And, he said while he waved his hand backward.

「Well then, goodbye」

Junpei whispered with a small voice as if to spit out while he stared at Harada’s back.

「……yeah, I just wish we won’t meet forever」

“Fuu……”, Junpei looked up to the sky.

When Junpei noticed it, his clothes were drenched with cold sweat.

The sky was already orange, and the sun is about to set.





Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 3)


When Junpei returned to the cave, he saw a bonfire near its entrance.

It seemed that Ami has made a fire and cooked, there was a pot filled with soup.

When Junpei entered the room, he immediately sat down and placed his back against the wall.

「Welcome back. You were……fine huh」

「……yeah, somehow」

Junpei thought again about the long-haired man from earlier while scratching his cheek.

His body immediately tensed and sweated profusely.

He was all right in the end, but it was exactly like an escape from the jaws of death.

If the blonde man felt a whim, there was no doubt that he would have died.

And when Junpei was thinking of that, Ami worriedly peeked at Junpei’s face.

「Your expressions bad? Are you okay?」

「……」

Ami asked the silent Junpei with a troubled expression.

「Hey, you……no, you guys……………………what are you?」

Junpei shook his head lightly and made Ami listen.

「I said it earlier right? Don’t intrude too much……right?」

「……sorry」

Junpei made a light smile towards Ami who became depressed.

「It’s good as long as you get it」

Did she regain herself? Ami opened her baggage and took out a dish after searching for a while.

「I made soup there, you want some?」

The light smell of consommé had reached Junpei’s nose from earlier.

He did not feel like eating because there was really so much that happened today, but it was different if it’s a light meal like soup. She probably used the dried meat and vegetables and boiled them.

「Yeah, I’ll have some」

Ami adds the soup and carried it to him.

Junpei slurped the soup.

「Is it good?」

Junpei said then after thinking for a while.

「It’s not bad」

「Not bad?……how arrogant……」

「Well, it’s not something that can be called delicious after all」

In fact, it was a common menu that is made from ingredients made out of emergency rations.

It is portable food for traveling and is not something that tastes good.

Not bad is rather a complement instead.

「Hey, do you want anything else? I’ll make it as long as there are materials?」

「Want anything else……huh. Nothing especially right now. I don’t have that much appetite」

And then, Ami smiled mischievously.

「Fu〜n……ah, that’s right, do you want a girlfriend?」

Junpei was petrified after receiving those words.

The two stared at each other for a while.

The frozen Junpei said quickly.

「What are you saying」

「Didn’t I tell you?」

「What?」

「That I’ll make anything as long as there are materials」

「Yeah, you said that I think?」

And then, Ami made a mischievous smile again.

「A girlfriend material……there’s one here you know?」

“Well, what should I……”, Junpei got troubled how to react.

「……」

「……」

「……」

「……」

After a moment of silence, Junpei said as if to wring out his words.

「……I don’t need one」

At night.

The interior of the cave is being lighted by the faint light of a lamp.

Just expected from a thieves’ nest originally, the minimum accommodation is complete.

For example, the pot that Ami used to cook from earlier also came from here.

And right now, two rugs made out of deer skin and two thin blankets were aligned inside the room.

When Junpei was lying down in the simple futon thinking “It’s time to sleep……”, Ami suddenly said.

「Ne〜……? I have a suggestion?」

「What?」

「Can I go there?」

“Yes, yes……”, Junpei turned his back towards Ami not taking her seriously.

「……stop saying stupid things. Let’s sleep already……okay?」

「I’m not……saying stupid things」

A very weak and ephemeral voice.

“What is it……”, Junpei turned towards Ami.

「Haa? What do you mean by that?」

The two of them stared at each other while lying down.

Looking closely, Ami’s cheeks were flushed red.

Her sweet breath has even reached Junpei’s nose, and……Junpei was a little nervous.

「……hey, you know?」

「n?」

After fidgeting for a while, Ami made an expression filled with resolution.

「……I want you to have sex with me」

Junpei once again turned his face opposite to Ami’s direction after a light sigh.

「Enough of that, didn’t I told you I don’t need jokes like that……I’m going to sleep okay?」

Junpei took it as a joke or frivolous talk, but it was not the same for Ami.

She seemed very dissatisfied to Junpei’s attitude and pouted.

「No, it’s not like that……」

「Then what?」

「My job aptitude is Thief. And so, when doing such work, I think that……I’ll, for sure……get my virginity taken away by someone……get trampled upon」

Junpei said then after thinking for a while.

「……well, that’s probably true」

「That almost happened to me earlier too, but……isn’t that something……terrible to look at?」

「Well yeah, that’s probably true」

「And so, I just thought」

「What?」

「It’s especially painful getting raped as a virgin, but if I was not, I just thought that although it might be painful, the wound would only be a light one」

“Hmm……”, Junpei thought.

There was logic in it, but he thought of what he should do.

「That’s why, I want you……I want you to take my first time」

「……why, me?」

Ami said silently after thinking for a while.

「I just thought that, if it’s you……I think it’s okay」

「I mean, why me?」

「……n〜. Probably……」

「Probably?」

「I said it before, but you simply have a high favorability you know?」

「It’s going to be like that just having a high favorability?」

Ami rolled her eyes like she thought “what’s this guy saying” after receiving Junpei’s words.

「Do you really want me to say it all? In other wordsーーit means that I like you」

She told it casually.

She does not seem like she’s good at schemes and she is might really think like that.

Being told head-on with a serious expressionーーI can’t think of words to refuse her.

“This, I’m no match for her……”, Junpei thought.

He was following Ami’s pace without warning, and had his chastity in danger when he noticed it.

Being hit by affection at full force, on top of that, if it comes from a girl with great beauty……it might be impossible to resist it.

ーーno, that’s wrong.

And there, Junpei titled his head.

It was true that she is cute and lovely, but……isn’t a girl of great beauty too much?

No, it’s true that her face is pretty enough to have only one or two for each school year, but……

If I’m correct, thesaurus points or something echoed inside my head, and since then, I strangely thought that she’s so cute and……

From our first meeting to being together with our travel, it was as if, it was decided to become like that since the beginning……

「Ne〜, Junpei?」

「What?」

「I’ll……turn off the lights okay?」

「Why?」

「……I’ll turn it off okay?」

Ami ignored Junpei and took the lamp closer to her.

And, she blew out and turn off the light.

The darkness that came.

「……」

「……」

They could hear each other’s breath because of the light disappearing.

「……」

「……」

「……」

「……」

That’s right, they easily found out that their breathing became rough.

「Hey, you know, Junpei……? So, then?」

Seducing, entangling, warm breath tickled Junpei’s nose.

「n?」

「……I have a suggestion」

「What?」

「Can I……go to your side?」

“It finally came……”, Junpei swallowed his breath.

He answered with the most composed and cool reply he could muster.

「What then if I accept that suggestion?」

「……in some case, the two of us might become lovers」

「……」

“Well, how should I answer……”, but Junpei did not have time to think calmly, Ami threw out more questions.

「……is it okay? I’m coming? It’s okay to……go there? Or is it not? Which is it?」

Ami asked with a sweet but weak voice.

「……just do what you want already」

Answering bluntly……was all that Junpei could do.

At the same time, he turned and faced his back to Ami.

「hehehee……」

The blanket’s sound.

Ami rolled into Junpei’s blanket together with an innocent laugh.

And, following that, she held Junpei’s hand.

「Oi, I said that you can come here, but I didn’t say you can touch?」

「Eh?!」

Ami raised a surprised voice.

「What?」

「E〜to……Junpei’s already……checkmate right? You’re saying that in this situation?」

「Checkmate……?」

Junpei lost his words after thinking of what it means.

It was true, he could not say anything back.

「……I mean, you’re really a late bloomer huh」

「I won’t deny that, but the fact that you’re still a virgin……that’s what’s surprising」

「……muu〜……it can’t be helped〜」

And, the sound of clothes being removed.

「OI?!!」

Junpei’s dumb voice echoed throughout the room.

「I am currently, in my underwear both top and bottom」

「I fucking know that!! I mean, why are you undressing?!!」

「No, well, attacking from my side……it’s a little, you know?」

「No, no, no, what the heck?!」

「Ah〜, really……this blockhead……」

After Ami said that with a slightly irritated tone, she moved once again.

「Right now, I removed my bra too」

「……」

……Junpei was not able to even say any word.

Lying together in the distance where each other’s skin is touching.

Up until now, he had never touched with a female’s skin other than his mother.

But, an almost naked girl was closing in to his body.

He felt that his heart was pounding as if it would burst out.

「……hey, Junpei?」

「……」

「……the sound of your heart……I can hear it?」

「……shut up」

「You, you’re really cute」

After saying that, Ami blows air to Junpei’s ear.

It was sweet but sticky, a warm breath as if it entangled him.

When Junpei’s mind was completely melted, sounds of clothes being removed.

「……I removed my panties also」

「Hey……I’m also a guy you know?」

「Aren’t I telling you that you can put your hands on me?」

“Ahh”, there, finally, Junpei understood the meaning of Ami’s words from earlier.

ーーNo, well, attacking from my side……it’s a little, you know?

In short, she made it that Junpei would attack her instead.

Junpei became resolute. And, she held Ami’s hand tightly, saying half out of desperation.

「Ahh, damn it……don’t blame me if you regret this」

「……un」

Together with those words, the two of them kissed.





Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 4)


ーーin a lake that is very near to the ancient forest that is the dragon’s sleeping place, an easy going Kansai-ben echoed.

「You guys, aren’t you quite calm?」

A golden dragon and a red-haired girl sitting in its back.

The girl she tilted her head to the host-like guyーーHarada.

「Calm? What do you mean?」

「You guys, if I’m correct, you had a huge fight very long ago, and currently healing from the damage from that right?」

“Yes”, the girl nodded.

「And so, since you’re currently healing, it means that you’re still injured right?」

「Exactly」

Harada shrugged his shoulder and made a wry smile.

「But, if I’m correct, you can’t use the true powers of the Dragon Emperor if you aren’t together, I mean, combined? You’re currently allied temporarily to protect yourselves from the other dragon species……that’s why you’re hiding in this remote place」

Once again, the girl shook her head vertically.

「Yes, that is exactly true」

「If so, why aren’t you becoming one? By the way, I have the experience of killing tens of dragons within the labyrinth. If you won’t use the power of the Dragon Emperor, isn’t it a little difficult?」

「Do we, really need to start killing each other?」

Harada answered the girl’s question with a shrug of his shoulder.

「That’s our leader’s intention after all」

「I am asking you yourself」

「I’m also interested in you guys you know? You seem like opponents that would make me level up a lot after a long time……」

「Do we really, need……to start to kill each other?」

「We really need to fight no matter what. Well, in the first place, you guys are……captives of the prison of time, and VIPs in a sense for clearing the dungeon, but you’re also guys who don’t have that many desires, you didn’t even reach the deepest floors before you came out……」

The red-haired girl who heard that made a face of sadness.

「No, that is wrong」

「Wrong? What?」

「We are not captives of the prison of time」

「……what does this mean?」

「We have chosen to accept things as they are and exist as there is. We controlled the prison of time by assimilating to nature. Well……though I think that it’s something that you who have chosen to continue wandering in the labyrinth even taking time eternal cannot understand. Howeverーーthe path that we have chosen, it is something that you guys can also choose」

Harada raised both his hands to show a surrender pose after thinking about something for a while.

「Is that something like Zen or something? Too bad but, I don’t want something like that……sorry, Ojou-chan? I’ll say no thank you to those sermons or preach and the kind」

And then, the golden dragon who has been quiet up until now opened its mouth.

「More words are useless……Balfnaught」

「……it seems so」

The red-haired girl jumped off the back of the golden dragon.

The dragon asked the girl after seeing her land with light steps.

「Balfnaught?」

「……I’ll go this time」

Harada made a wry smile to how the situation went while seemingly amazed.

「After not-want-to-fight disease……it’s not-want-to-combine disease huh」

“Yareyare”, Harada continued his words.

「Haha!……however, you’re really looking down on me huh. This Ojou-chan who’s not even a dragon’s my opponent? For my sake too, it’s better if I kill you in your Dragon Emperor state because I’ll level up much more, so here’s a friendly advice, hurry up and combine with that dragon」

And then, the red-haired girl also shrugged her shoulders not losing to Harada.

「……that is not needed」

「n? What does that mean?」

The red-haired girl distorts her face with a blatant unpleasant expression.

Furthermore, fury dwelled in the red eyes of the girl.

「……Human. Do not look down on dragons too much」

「What a hot gaze……is that some kind of skill? Small fries like Cerberus would get burned just by that……」

Harada did not stop smiling and said with a tone of joking around.

「Too bad〜!【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

A blue flame ran on the girl’s skin.

She made a slightly surprised expression and snapped her finger.

The blue flame was immediately erased, and burnt smell started to rise from her red hair.

「Haha!! You look surprised? That should be so, my skillーーit’s a high class even within the Extreme Skills, cheat within the cheats! It’s the【Physical Attack Reflection】skill!」

「I see. He has an excellent brain」

「I’ve had a hard time until I met with this body after all……there’s so, so many times that the brain won’t adapt」

And then, the red-haired girl sent gazes to Harada as if she was looking at a pitiful thing.

「Until you met with that body……huh. I see, it looks like you are connecting your life using quite a wicked way」

「You understood with that explanation just now?」

The red haired girl nodded to Harada’s amazed words.

「You have stopped being a human a long time ago. Most probably……by removing your memories and soul from your body……you were able to achieve longevity by continuing to take over another person’s body」

「Well, it seems though that there are many ways to live very long. It’s just that this way feels the best for me. That’s why, I would get old and die as well」

“However……”, the red-haired girl let out a sigh.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】. Oh really……you are dexterous for a human」

「Flame Dragon Emperor Balfnaught was it? The heat’s physical law governance that you’re good at, it is within the physics calculation range that my reflection can cover. That’s whyーー」

Harada continued while he raised his middle finger.

「The two of you, hurry up and come at me!」

The golden dragon asked the red-haired girl.

「What do you think? Balfnaught? According to that man……it looks like the situation is bad, but……you want me to help?」

And there, “Fu!”, the girl laughed and said.

「Charlings? Are you seriously saying that?」

The dragon and the girl laughed out loud at the same time.

「Haha!……hahaha!! With that level of physical law governance, he said……haha! Hahahaha!」

「Kuha!……kuhahaha!! This is ridiculous!! What nonsense!!」

「Haha!……ufufu……it’s been a while since I laughed this much. Hey, Charlings?」

「What」

「I’ll erase this thing that does not know its position」

「Kufu! Kufufu!……well, you should do what you want」

The red-haired girl kneeled with one leg.

The distance between the girl and Harada is about 7 meters.

Furthermore, the girl placed both her hands on the ground and made a crouching start pose.

「Oh? Are you going to start track and field or something?」

Andーーthe next instant.

The red haired girl’s appearance, no, her existence itself, Harada felt as if it blurred for an instant.

The girl had disappeared when he noticed it.

“What……?”, but the moment Harada thought of that, he heard knuckle cracking sounds from behind.

The next instant, Harada slowly looked back with cold sweat.

In there, at about 10 meters behind Harada, the red-haired girl was cracking her knuckles.

「Haha……although I’m like this, I’m in the group that captures the labyrinth at the deepest floors though……to think that you’d move at super high speed without leaving a shadow behind……」

「He〜. I’m surprised」

「Surprised?」

「To think that you could assert that what that thing right now was not teleportation……but just a super high-speed movement. I change your evaluation just a little higher」

Harada got silent for a while.

「…………aren’t you looking down too much on me? That made me pissed off a little」

The red-haired girl did not wait for Harada’s words and started to move around him at a 10-meter distance with him as the center.

It was not simply circling him, but she was walking in zigzag and appears at points within the circle.

More accurately, tens or hundreds of red-haired girls appeared within the 10-meter radius as if she used a multiple clone skill.

Those were the afterimage that super, super high-speed movements made possible.

Harada honestly raised a voice of amazement.

「This’s amazing……it’s completely using brute force. With speed and agility that even I can’t capture, this afterimagesーーit’s an excellent physics calculation laws intervention. I mean, the concept of status and skill……you completely left it somewhere」

「The concept of status huh」

A grin showed in all of the girl’s afterimages.

「Status is important. Even if you’re intervening in the physical laws, the original status will have some effects. Howeverーーjust like your words that describe it as leaving the concept of status and skill somewhere, and because you are still relying on something like that……you are third-class」

“PachiPachi”, Harada started to clap.

「There’s some truth with those words. What an excellent physics laws intervention」

All of her who have appeared within the circle rushed to Harada who is in the center at once.

And, all of them swung their fist.

What their aim, it is Harada’s head and face.

「But, even so, you can never win me with that」

In an instant, all of the afterimages gathered in one image.

And without stopping, the killing fist was thrown to Harada’s nose.

「ーーthat’s as long as I have this【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

After an instant, Balfnaught’s nose got crushed.

*Mishiri*, an unpleasant sound.

Fresh blood scattered. The blood danced in the air. Blood cosmetics was put on her beautiful face.

However, Balfnaught did not stop.

Her red hair disheveled but her fists were still being thrown towards Harada.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!」

Balfnaught’s cheek got crushed.

*Gushari*, a dull sound.

Fresh blood danced again. Blood scattered.

But still, Balfnaught did not stop.

Her hair swayed like a lion dance and released a strong fist to Harada without changing her expression.

What she aimed was Harada’s eye.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!」

Balfnaught’s right eye got crushed.

*Pachin*, a light sound.

Serum mixed liquid fell and scattered.

Regardless, Balfnaught would not stop.

She swayed her red-hair like a lion dance and repeatedly attacked Harada without changing her expression.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Sticky liquid gushed out of Balfnaught’s right ear.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Balfnaught’s throat got smashed.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Balfnaught’s clavicle got crushed.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Balfnaught’s ribs got crushed.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Even so, she still continued to attack.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Right straight.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Left hook.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Right upper.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Standing lock.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

Left hook.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

And there, Balfnaught stopped.

Her throat smashed and her bones here and there crushed.

Her broken rib pierced her lung and she cannot breathe properly.

She cannot get enough oxygen supply.

Both of her eyes broken and her whole body full of blood. A state that it is strange that she is still alive.

Harada laughed enjoying from the bottom of his heart.

「Haha! Hahaha! You were saying big words, but you aren’t that much huh? I still have no damage, but Jou-chan’s pretty much splattered……haha! Hahaha! My skill was the one overwhelming after all!」





Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 5)


「Haha! Hahaha! You were saying big words, but you aren’t that much huh? I still have no damage, but Jou-chan’s pretty much splattered……haha! Hahaha! My skill was the one overwhelming after all!」

Harada laughed while he had hands to his stomachーーbut, he was not laughing deep within his eyes.

There are two reasons for that.

The Golden Dragon Charlings would not stop smiling no matter how long has passed.

And Balfnaught herself, she would not lose her cool smile even after receiving damage this heavy.

Howeverーーthe situation is clearly on Harada’s advantage.

He had a bad feeling within his heart but that is that.

The two Dragon Emperors would find out the bottom of his heart if he shows a panicking expression here.

And also, no matter what situation it changes to, there’s no change that attacks would not reach him no matter what.

ButーーHarada was forced to think twice in the next instant.

About how much of a frog in a well he is.

「Skill【Automatic Complete Recovery】」

Balfnaught whispered that with difficulty.

Balfnaught’s wounds healed one next to the other as if a video was played backwards.

Within just a second, her blood, the sticky fluids, even all of her bones returned to normal.

Harada was in a daze for a while.

「……haa?」

Stupefied……Harada continued his words with that expression.

「Automatic Complete Recovery……? What the, fuck……t-t-that’s……ridiculous……」

On the other hand, Balfnaught shook her head with an amazed face.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】……I don’t want to get told by a person who has such skill」

Harada regains himself some composure while thinking the meaning of those words.

ーーwith this, it just became even at worst.

The opponent’s attack would not reach him at all, the opponent is just hard to die, but that does not mean that she won’t die.

「However, this is really amazing huh〜……by the way, Ojou-chan?」

「What?」

「How are you planning to break through my reflect?」

「What or how?……that’s decided from the start」

「……?」

Balfnaught raised her fist with a giggle.

「ーーI’ll crush you to death」

And it was Balfnaught’s right straight that was thrown.

Honestly speaking, it is on the level that Harada’s face would burst and scatter if it cleanly hits.

And Harada also understands that very well. There was no doubt that there’s a difference between heaven and earth in both their basic status and skill at physics calculation intervention.

However, that is different when it comes to skills.

The rare【Physical Attack Reflection】skill within the Extreme Skills.

It is not absolutely invincible, but……even so, it is near invincible.

The only exception is at the deepest floors of the labyrinth, but even there……there are not many monsters that could easily break through that ability.

「Crush me to death? What stupid things are you saying」

Andーーthe girl started a rush.

「……eh?! ehh?! eehh?!」

Right straight. Left upper.

Standing lock. Left hook. Right low. Left middle. Solar plexus blow.

「Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!!」

Balfnaught continued furthermore to Harada who had a panicked expression.

Right. Right. Left Right. Right.

「Oi, human?」

「……what?」

「Do you know the reflect’s weakness?」

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

「Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!!」

「Within the physical laws intervention……reflect is convenient. It is something that is added to the skill system……so that even small fries can use it. Well, that is why……it has some high effects for beginners to use」

Rush. Rush.

Raging rush.

Consecutive blows. Consecutive blows.

Raging consecutive blows.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

「Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!!」

「Skill【Automatic Complete Recovery】」

The damage from reflect recovered in an instant.

Balfnaught continued her consecutive attacks towards Harada while even smiling.

「Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!!」

The time that had passed was about a second.

Dozens of consecutive blows were thrown to Harada, but there was no effect after all.

「However, Ojou-chan? How about you stop pretending endurance?」

「Pretend endurance?」

「……it’s the pain」

「Pain?」

「You don’t need to act? It doesn’t matter even if you can recover, absurd amount of pain should be attacking you all the time」

「……」

「That’s why, that damage will stockpile. Even if it doesn’t remain to your body……it will in your heart right? It’s not like you can continue that reckless attacks forever right? Your heart would give up first」

And there, Balfnaught’s attacks stopped.

「Haha, it looks like I’m right」

*Pon*, Balfnaught places a fist on her hand and casually said.

「Ahh, I forgot to tell you. Cut off pain is a needed skill in battles at our level. It means that there is no way that my heart will get broken. Impossible」

「Eh?! Ah……hya?! Ahya?!!」

Harada showed a clear panicking expression for the first time.

「What happened? Well, if you continue receiving consecutive blows like thisーーit’s bad for you right? I get you」

Rush. Rush.

Raging Rush.

「Haha! Hahaha! Crush me to death? Don’t make me laugh? It just repeats from earlier you know?」

Balfnaught raised her fist again.

Rush. Rush.

Raging Rush.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

「Ha! Ha!……Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!!」

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

「Ha! Ha!……Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!!」

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right. Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

Left. Left. Right. Right Left. Left. Right. Right. Left. Left Right. Right.

「Hii! Hiii, Hiiii! Ha! Ha!……Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!! Reflect!!」

Clear panic and fear.

Balfnaught received reflects until she was in tatters, however, the smile on her face would not disappear.

On the other hand, Harada’s face was pale and pouring with cold sweat.

「Hey, is itーーgetting hard yet?」

Harada made a frightened expression to Balfnaught’s words that seemed to see through him.

「……well, who knows?」

「It’s alright to push you like this butーーit’s boring like that」

「That’s why」, Balfnaught opened her mouth and smiled.

「I’ll stop the consecutive blows」

「……what do you mean by this?」

「It’s boring to end it like this. Someone who doesn’t know his place appeared after a long time……on top of that, if he’s half-bakedly strong, it is normal to want to play with toys」

「You treat me like a toy huh……honestly, aren’t you looking down at me too much? If we were to state just the facts, Ojou-chan didn’t break through the Reflect Skill even once though?」

“Haha”, Balfnaught laughed.

Following that, the Golden Dragon Charlings also scoffed at him.

「Haha!……I see. Coming up to thisーーyou’re still saying that? Well, whatever. It’s true that up until now, I did not break through the Reflect Skill even once. Well, up until now……that is」

「……」

A very composed Balfnaught.

A silent Harada.

「Well then, I will change the preference. And I will decide the match with this wayーーSkill【Mistilteinn】. My next attack’s damage will be doubled」

And after that, Balfnaught raised her fistーーand swung it towards Harada.

Balfnaught greatly bent backward.

Her nose blood gushed out tremendously.

「Haha!! Haha!! Hahaha!! Are you alright, hm? Hey, hey, are you alright, hm? You lost blood like a fountain though?」

Harada laughed but still, he was not laughing deep within his eyes.

Not only that, his face became paler and cold sweat rapidly fell from his back.

Harada had already understood.

With the consecutive blows earlierーーhe found out that the difference between their strength was not a joke.

His head continuously searched for a way to run away, but even if he was able to escape from Balfnaught, it is impossible to pass through Charlings.

Charlings had observed the fight with the role of stopping Harada if he was to run away since the battle had started. Even if Harada were able to pass through Charlings, the two of them would probably combine immediately and chase after him.

With only one of them, they cannot use the powers of the Dragon Emperor.

And, it’s at this unbelievable level just with one of them.

ーーwhy, why did these guys withdraw from the labyrinth? Even if they reached the stage of a Buddha and does not touch the deepest parts at all……they aimed at the deepest floors in the past right? Don’t tell me……they could not……pass? Deeper within the deepest parts……even they……couldn’t pass? What, what is in there……? What in the world……is in the deepest part……?

Balfnaught once again opened her mouth expressionlessly.

「Skill【True・Mistilteinn】. My next attack will be multiplied five times」

And after that, Balfnaught raised her fistーーand swung it towards Harada.

Balfnaught got blown backwards with the reflect.

When half of her face got broken, she opened her mouth.

「Skill【Automatic Complete Recovery】」

She slowly walked and stood in front of Harada once again.

「Skill【True・Mistilteinn Burst】. My next attack will be multiplied ten times」

At the same time Balfnaught hits him, she was blown away backwards.

「Skill【Automatic Complete Recovery】」

Destruction and restoration.

Even if her brains scattered, that brain returns to normal.

After a few instants, her face returned to its original beauty.

Balfnaught who slid on the ground and stood up grinned.

「Ahh, we were talking about reflect’s weakness huh……well, it’s the same with the consecutive blows earlier, but……it has lots of weaknesses right? Well then, shall we start the sure thing……that will make your heart suffer?」

「Sure thing?」

「Skill【True・Mistilteinn Extreme Burst】. My next attack will be multiplied twenty times」

Balfnaught was blown away once again.

She used her auto recovery and returned to normal.

「Skill【True・10x Mistilteinn】. My next attack will be multiplied fifty times」

She raised her fist.

Balfnaught was blown away.

She recovered and returned to normal.

「This is the last one」

She raised her fist.

「Skill【True・100x Mistilteinn】. My next attack will be multiplied five hundred times」

And thereーー”Hyaun!”, Harada raised a pathetic voice.

「Wait, wait, wait, wait! Your punch that was already ridiculous with physics laws intervention, another 500x multiplier? Don’t fuck around? That’s, that’s that’s, that’s not good!!」

And there, Balfnaught made a wry smile and said.

「Well then. Here is a problem」

「……problem?」

「The mass and speed that you reflect. In short, the kinetic energy. What happens if that exceeds the limit of the tolerable amount of your skill? Tell me your answer if you go home okay……it’s shabby with just 100x right? Let me see, to test it……I’ll go serious」

She gripped her first and declared once again.

「ーーSkill【True・500x Mistilteinn】. My next attack will be multiplied one thousand and five hundred times」

「ーーーーーーhii!!」

*Puchun*

With one attack, Harada became a dark red mistーーhe was crushed to a micro size, and scattered in the air.

「The correct answer……you experienced it first hand. By the way, I played with you up until now but……with a thought, I could think of at least four or five ways to kill you instantly within a second」

After sighing lightly, Balfnaught flips her red hair using her right hand.

「Just a lowly human child……do not look down on dragons」

Charlings who have observed from start to finish opened her mouth apologetically.

「Balfnaught……」

「What is it? Charlings?」

「The main body, it looks like it escaped」

Balfnaught became silent for a while and tilted her head being unable to believe it.

「I can understand if……he tricked my eyes during battle. But tricking your observer eyes that meant to stop him from running away from the start……it is impossible. What does this mean?」

「That is right, as you have said, the main body ran with an impossible way」

「That is why I am saying, why did that happen?」

Charlotte merrily answered.

「”That” is a parasitic thing. And when it’s about to die……it would teleport」

Balfnaught clicked her tongue after hearing that.

「……an underhanded trick. We do not assume that escape skill at our level」

「Kufufu. It looks like even you have mistakes?」

「It is impossible to understand the mind of a guy who does not even have pride as a warrior」

「Kufufu. Kufufufu. Well, leaving that aside, that guy……after losing his body……he should seek a new material?」

「……inevitably, yes」

「And, right at the moment, the material that has the most power around here is……?」

Balfnaught nodded after thinking for a moment.

「I see. That boy huh. We shall not interfere with the law of the human world」

「That is why, we leave humans to humans. Well, this time, there is something personal thoughーー」

「With that guy’s current condition……」

「If that boy wrings out his wisdom, and pass through two best answers that are called absurdity……he might be able to hunt him」

「……you’re kind huh, Charlings」

「What do you mean?」

「Most probably……you intentionally let that parasitic creature run away right? Even if that boy were able to get an advanced job, he would not be able to live in the middle floors when he returns to the labyrinth. That is why, you gave him a big chance to take his skill and experience points……」

“Haha”, Charlings replied while laughing.

「Haha, that is a strange thing you say? It is two best answers you know? From how I look at it, the probability to pass through that……it is below one percent」

Balfnaught nodded after receiving those words.

「But, even that below one percent……if it is with『Passive Skill』……I wonder. He should have passed through the possibilities of below one percent many times up until now……that is why I described you as kind」





Chapter 5 - Honeymoon (Part 6)


The sounds of the small birds crying *ChunChun* feels good.

Junpei woke up with sleepy eyes during the morning with a relatively cold atmosphere.

When he tried to raise his body, *Munyuri……*, a feeling of touching a soft thing around his right elbow.

When he turned to it, there was Ami’s face close up.

She is embracing Junpei under the blanketーーin short, both of them are naked, and Junpei’s right arm is touching Ami’s chest.

While scratching his cheek……Junpei thought of what to do.

In a simple explanationーー

ーーI couldn’t help it. I couldn’t help it for many times. On top of that, we did it many, many times nonstop until the morning came.

Well, it was that kind of situation.

Both Junpei and Ami was pretty sure to pass the fourth examination with their targets captured and tied with a rope.

The only thing that they need to do is stay in this cave and wait for the time limit of four days from now.

In short, they were very bored and had nothing else to do. And coming up to there, virgins who were completely naked.

Junpei was at a loss and could only let out a sigh.

This situation……it was really not good.

Thinking of this situation, if last night’s happening was Ami’s appeal, she is an excellent tactician.

Anyways, Junpei felt a bad feeling about the fate that he cannot escape.

And there, it seems like Ami woke up, she lightly yawned and stretched.

She looked around, and opened her mouth after she regains an understanding of the situation.

「Hey, Junpei?」

「n? What?」

She smiled sweetly with a slightly red face.

「Being both naked when it’s bright……it’s somewhat exciting right?」

「……」

「……」

The two of them stared at each other without saying anything.

Junpei covered himself with the blanket, unable to endure the situation.

「……I’m going to sleep」

「……」

「……」

Ami poked Junpei’s right chest from above the blanket.

「Hey?」

「……what?」

「It’s exciting right?」

「……」

「……」

Junpei was silent and did not move under the blanket.

「……you, hate me?」

Junpei immediately answered to Ami who asked him seemingly lonely.

「I won’t be damn sleeping with you if I did」

Ami giggled.

「Well, after all……」

「n?」

「It’s big after all. I can tell from above the blanket you know?」

Junpei who was sleeping on his back immediately regretted. He immediately turned his body to the side.

「Shut up. Also, it can’t be helped since it’s morning」

However, Ami replied with unexpected words.

「……if it’s energetic, let’s do it, once more?」

「……」

「……」

Junpei steeled himself and let out a sigh.

「It can’t be helped……only once, got it?」

And in a night three days after that.

In the endーーfor three whole days, the two of them spend their time mostly connected.

Sleep, meals, bath, and excretion.

They were connected at times other than those, as long as their stamina lasted.

Overflowing youth and burning libido.

They did it so many times and for a very long time that the guys tied up outside the door could not believe it.

ーーthey can probably be best described as early sex addicts.

Although, no one can blame Junpei and Ami.

In these five days that they had nothing to do, it is inevitable if a couple who had just started doing it stayed in one room.

「……after we sleep today, the fourth examination will be finished when we woke up. I mean……honestly……I got tired. In a lot of meaning」

Ami who had slightly thinner cheeks laughed in amazement.

「Yeah. It’s true……I’m tired」

「And so, how was it?」

「It ended on the first day after all……honestly, it was an easy win」

「No, I didn’t mean that」

“Ahh”, Junpei nodded.

「It isn’t bad」

「Isn’t bad?」

Ami giggled and said with a mischievous face.

「Hey, weren’t you……so into it?」

「……well, there’s nothing else to do after all」

「You’re still acting cool, after all of that?」

「……」

「That, you know what it’s called……? It’s being a sex addict」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders and made a wry smile.

「……I won’t deny that」

“But”, Junpei glared at Ami.

「Weren’t you so into it too」

「You seem like a late-bloomer, so of course, I was at the start? But, half-way……weren’t you the one asking to do it again and again?」

「……」

「……」

「……I won’t deny that」

Ami looked satisfied and nodded, seeing Junpei’s troubled face.

「Fufu!」

「What happened?」

Ami who was smiling sweetly answered to Junpei’s question like this.

「U〜un, it’s nothing」

「I’m curious, tell me」

“Un”, Ami nodded after thinking about something for a while.

「No, it’s just, I thought……you know? That you’re quite cute?」

“Yareyare”, Junpei sighed to Ami’s words.

「What the heck is that」

But, although he was saying that, Junpei’s cheeks were slightly flushed.

He was very used to having a poker face when it comes to life and death situations.

However, when it comes to love, he was easy to tell because he did not have any experience.

In other words, he is a trickster when it comes to life-threatening fights, but it can be said that he is a muscle-head power fighter on top of being a weak mob when it comes to that.

「Ah, your face is red you know? Were you embarrassed being called cute?」

「……shut up」

「Hehe, you’re really cute huh?」

「Leave me alone」

*Pan*, Junpei clapped his hands to gesture the conversation’s over.

「Let’s sleep already okay?」

「Well, it is already late after all」

And there, Ami made a cute devilish smile once again.

「I don’t mind either way, but……what do you think? You want to go for a fight before sleeping?」

Junpei shook his head.

「Tomorrow’s the end of the exam. We don’t know what would happen then. We should save our stamina for today」

「Un. I also think so」

And thenーーAmi smiled devilishly again.

「Since we don’t know what’s going to happen……you can also say that, this might be the last day that we’ll be together you know?」

「……」

「……good night」

Ami blew out the light and went under the blanket.

「……」

「……」

「……」

「……」

「……hey, Ami?」

「……what?」

「Can we……do it once? It’s……it’s the last time, so」

“Haha”, Ami laughed, and merrily answered to Junpei.

「I thought you’d say that」

Furthermore, Ami continued her words.

「But……it’s not the last time, okay?」

「n?」

「……from now on, for tomorrow, and the day after that……we’re going to do it……many, many times, right?」

“Yareyare”, Junpei made a wry smile.

He was completely taken by Ami’s pace.

Ami got closer to Junpei and embraced him tightly.

And then, he answered by putting his arms around her, and when they both tightly held each otherーー

ーーtheir two tongues entwined.

During that night, Junpei saw a dream.

It was a dream when he is capturing the dungeon.

That place is a familiar place, it is the floor of lake and desert.

Junpei thought that, if he was correct……it was the Kraken’s floor where he met the Sword Saint.

However, what happening there was completely different from what Junpei knows.

In fact, when Junpei was conquering the Kraken, he took the means of drying up the lake’s water.

He carried out a large-scale construction, slowly lowered the water level so that it would not be noticed, narrowed the range that the Kraken could move in, and finally won.

However, the Junpei inside his dream challenged the Kraken head on, and……got defeated instead.

The Sword Saint Henry’s leg was also caught by the squid’s tentacle, and died with his organs being wrung out, coming out of his anus and mouth.

Junpei was also in a situation where his body was caught by its tentacles and was being lifted up to the air.

When he was about to follow Henry’s footstepsーーshe appeared.

Black hair up to her waist.

A summer sailor uniform, and a Japanese sword carried on her waist.

It was within a dream……but Junpei vaguely asked.

「……Ami?」

That word, did not reach the girl.

The girl jumped up and cuts off the Kraken’s tentacle that captured Junpei.

The pressure that tied Junpei up immediately disappeared, and he was thrown into the air.

And when he landed safely after rolling on the groundーー”as I’ve thought……”, Junpei thought.

ーーshe looks similar to Ami, but she isn’t Ami. Her age and height are about the same, they are so similar that it is not strange even if they were called as twins.

She approached Junpei and gave him a cold glance.

「……I’ll give you one chance. Don’t fail the next time okay?」

After saying all of that, the girl rushed towards the Krakenーー

ーーabout two seconds.

That was the time the girl needed to cut off all of the Kraken’s tentacles and split its organs into two.

She approached Junpei once again.

「But, I stole the experience points that you should’ve earned. With this, the possibility that you will ■■ and ■■■ is very high……no, it should be definite. As I’ve thought, maybe I shouldn’t interfere after all」

「You……what’s your name?」

「You don’t know me……huh. I see……your thesaurus points stayed at high huh……there is still a long way to go」

「Oi, stop saying damn gibberish?」

The girl turned her back towards Junpei, and whispered as if to spit out.

「ーーSakaguchi Nazuna」

「Eh?」

「ーーit’s my name」

「Sakaguchi?……oi, you?!!」

「It looks like your memories are very confused. If it’s like this, as I’ve thought……I still can’t expect anything. Well then, see ya」

After saying just that, Nazuna left while waving her hand backward.

Junpei quickly sprung up.

Ami rubbed her eyes, thinking what happened with Junpei sudden movement.

Junpei lit the lamp and carefully looked at Ami’s face.

「……oi, Ami?」

「What is it? Junpei?」

「Uhh……what’s your full name again?」

「Are you still sleepy? It’s Sakaguchi Ami, why’d you ask?」

Junpei swallowed his breath.

「What about your little sister’s name……?」

「As I’ve thought, it looks like you’re still sleepy」

Junpei grabbed Ami’s shoulders and asked her forcefully.

「Whatever! Just say it!」

「Ow……! What is it so suddenly?!」

Ami slapped off Junpei’s hands.

Junpei noticed that there were red marks that remained on her shoulder, and bowed his head.

「Sorry……it looks like I was not quite awake」

Dreams, are only dreams.

It was a dream that felt very realistic……but that was all.

「It’s……Nazuna」

「n?」

「Sakaguchi Nazuna. That is my little sister’s name」

「……how old is she?」

「Probably 13 this year? She’s quite little……I mean, it looks like her growth period is late, and her height is 135 cm. I also got more than 20cm taller when I reached 15, so I think Nazuna would be in that pattern too」

「……it’s doesn’t fit her height」

「n? What do you mean by that?」

「No, it’s nothing……and also……do you look alike?」

“Un”, Ami nodded.

「I think that we would look like twins if we were at the same age」

Junpei thought of something, and opened his mouth with a serious face.

「By the way, your little sister……」

「What?」

「Does she has a big mole here?」

Ami answered in discomfort, seeing Junpei point at his Adam’s apple.

「There is, but……how did you know?」

「……」

「Hey, Junpei? What really happened?」

「No……it’s nothing. Let’s sleep okay?」

「Hey, Junpei?!!」

And, Junpei embraced Ami.

「I still can’t organize what’s in my head」

「……?」

「About my identity, about the unknown phenomenon that I’m experiencing right now……when the time comes, I will absolutely, no, I will explain it only to you」

「……un」

「That’s why……can you stop asking anything for today?」

Ami opened her mouth with a sigh.

「……well, that’s the only choice, right? Then it’s fine」

「You seem quite reasonable?」

Ami became silent for a while.

「What?」

「ーーin short, I only need to make you fall to me even more right?」

“Ahh……”, Junpei thought.

ーーI really picked up a troublesome woman……。





Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 1)


Guild Regional Headquarters.

An unbounded, cheerful spirited voice echoed throughout the small meeting room.

「And so, it’s the final exam okay〜☆」

There are only eight who remained in the final examination.

Soon after the fourth examination ended, several examiners that Judy led from the Guild Headquarters came.

They gave the final situation with fairness, and it resulted to this.

「However……」

She looked at those that remained with exasperatingly.

「Death toll, zero. Rape, zero. Consensual sex, countless times……John Burg, dropped out early on……」

She continued her words as if to spit them out.

「It’s not fun for Onee-san at all!!」

“Who gives a damn care.” must be the common thought of everyone.

Nevertheless, no one can oppose this woman at least until the examination ends.

“By the way……”, Judy preluded, and pointed straight towards Junpei.

「……fufu. It looks like little boy became a man?」

Junpei got silent for a while.

There were situation confirmations held to give a verdict to the examination results.

After that, an open hearing of actual witnesses to prove the existence of murder.

Furthermore, an open hearing of the big and small crimes done in this examination.

Not to mention rape, they were also asked about consensual sex for some reason thoughーーand, Junpei looked at Ami.

And sure enough, Ami put her hands together and bowed her head to say sorry.

「……so what? Does that have anything to do with the examination?」

「Fufu, how cute」

After saying that with a vulgar smile, *Pan*, Judy clapped her hands.

「And so, I shall start explaining the final examination’s rule. The rule is simple! Let’s leave all the troublesome thingsーーin short! It is a tournament!!」

「Tournament?」

One of the examinees asked with a dumbfounded voice.

“Un, un”, Judy answered happily while nodding many times.

「That is right. A tournament. It is completely a head-on battle. The conditions for winning is to either let your opponent show the will to surrender, or be judged unable to fight objectively」

「How would we decide who’d be our opponents?」

One of the examinees asked.

「We will be fair here, and draw lots」

But towards that, complains came out of the examinee’s mouth.

「What fair! Doesn’t that depends on the opponent. At worst, I failed, but someone weaker than me passed. That’s, also possible」

「What are you saying after all this time? First and foremost, aren’t you who is weaker than John Burg remained? I’ll just say this, but there is no consolation match. Luck is also needed to become an adventurer. If you fail, then just come again next year」

The male examinee shuts his mouth after being talked into like that by Judy.

“There is a point with what Judy’s saying”, Junpei thought. And to prove that, Ami who is inferior in terms of skill was able to remain up until now by partnering with him.

「……and so, how far can we go in terms of mercilessness?」

Judy answered Junpei’s question cheerfully from the bottom of her heart.

「Accidental deaths……shall be treated as an inevitable accident. However, even if there was an intentional action that would end to putting you to death, Onee-sans cannot help you」

「I see」

Junpei looked at Ami.

She thoughtlessly stared at one point and desperately endured something.

What she’s enduring is fear. To not let others find out about her disadvantage.

In the first place, her job is a Thief, and it is hopelessly unfitted towards melee head-on battle or magic battles.

For Ami, she also thought of tagging with Junpei with the final examination too……or at least she had that calculation. If so, it can be said that it is a completely unexpected situation.

「Oi, Examiner?」

Junpei asked.

「Is there anything?」

「Is it possible to bring weapons or items?」

「Yes, not to mention weapons, there is also no limitations on bringing items. Rare items are something like a proof of an adventurer’s strength. It is the history of that person, coming from numerous adventurers after allーー」

And there, “Un”, Junpei nodded.

「It’s enough as long as I got that as an assurance」

「Ufufu……」

「What?」

「Because you became a man?」

「What are you talking about?」

「You’re so cute getting so enthusiastic? Well, little boy has an unmeasurable strength, so you might be thinking of using a strong supporting skill, or maybe use your powers directly in the shadows」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders as if to show that he does not plan on replying.

Judy seemed to get more interested seeing that Junpei, “kusukusu”, she started to laugh.

「However, whatever little boy does, it’s better to think that it won’t go that well」

「You’re saying?」

「Right now, starting from this instant, I’ll strictly restrict attacking the other participants under the cover of darkness, and there will also be other high-ranked adventurers refereeing other than me. Therefore, it’s better to think that it is hopeless to give support during the fight. Additionally……there is no way that an item that would overturn a significant difference between strength would even exist in the dungeon that you guys who have yet to become a B-Rank Adventurer can enter」

“Hmph”, Junpei harrumphed after hearing that.

「Really……you’re such a deviant. And then, when are we going to start the exam?」

「Right now, there is a special venue under construction in the guild’s courtyard. Let me see……let’s start at twelve noon」

「Got it. Oi, let’s go?」

Junpei said and stood up while gesturing Ami to leave with him.

After Ami and Junpei had left the Guild Regional Headquarters, the went towards the middle of the town.

When they reached the main street that showed heavy congestion with stalls lining up, they immediately entered an alley and went through a zigzag route.

Right, left, right, left, left, right, right.

Right, left, right, left, left, right, right.

Ami asked Junpei who had come and go, passing through the alleys and the main street many times.

「Hey, Junpei? Are we lost or something?」

「Nope, we aren’t lost」

「U〜n……then let me change my question. Where are we going?」

「What do you mean? Though, it feels like we’re walking left and right so busily……」

Junpei nodded.

「We were being followed earlier. There was four of them at the start, but they dropped out starting from the weak ones」

「……eh?」

Junpei continued his words without taking notice of Ami’s surprise.

「And of them, there are two examinees. And the other two are probably Judy’s instigation」

「I didn’t notice at all, though……if you say so, then it’s probably true. But……why?」

“Yareyare”, Junpei shrugged his shoulders.

「The two examinees probably came to investigate us. The examiners were probably marking them and us」

「Since everyone knows that we annihilated John’s group in the first day, they want some information huh」

「We shut ourselves inside the cave, but it was quite a scene outside, and it seemed like it was an exchange of intelligence battle that is full of truth and lies and sneak attacks」

Suddenly, Junpei took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and slowly exhaled.

「Hey, Junpei? What are you doing?」

Junpei answered to Ami while closing his eyes.

「n? It’s reconnaissance?」

「……reconnaissance?」

「I can tell pretty much if it’s within a few hundred meter」

After a moment of silence, Ami said with a pale face.

「……you said it so casually, but……that’s ridiculous, right?」

「Well, I’m pretty much aware that I said a ridiculous thing casually」

Ami almost collapsed after hearing Junpei say it inattentively.

「My job is Thief, and what I’m good at is reconnaissance and things like that, but……something like an high-performance radar……I think that it’s impossible, even for S-Rank ninjas」

「He〜, well that’s amazing」

Ami tilted her head towards Junpei who was impressed.

「What is it?」

「Even with just S-Rank status……reconnaissance is possible as long as there’s a skill huh. I heard a good thing」

「You……what are you, really……」

Junpei said to refresh the conversation without waiting for Ami to finish her words.

「And, well, leaving that aside, we lost everyone following us. I checked it; there’s no doubt」

And, he gestured Ami to follow him.

After walking for a while, the place where the two arrived at wasーーa graveyard.

There was no one although it was daytime, and there is also no need to worry about ears in the walls or eyes in sliding doors.

「And so, if this goes on, you will lose the first fight」

「I guess so」

「If I’m correct, you……you have the skill【Throwing】right?」

「Un. Well, at least」

「I’ll just confirm this, you won’t……show me your status plate right?」

Ami mischievously smiled.

「It’s okay if you’d show me yours? I mean, since you’re an adventurer as well, isn’t it common sense to not show your status plate even if you are parent and child or husband and wife?」

「Well, I don’t mind showing mine, but……」

Junpei silently whispered that Ami would not hear.

「What?」

「No, it’s nothing」

Because of the【Mimicry】that is super-class, it is easy to fake something like a status plate.

However, I don’t want to lie to Ami with such a useless thing.

「I got it. Well……it’s alright to say that your skills are that of a higher C-Rank Thief that barely reaches B-Rank right?」

Ami puffed out her cheeks.

「……as I’ve thought……what an annoying man」

「n? Why?」

「You haven’t seen my status plate, but why are you able to guess so accurately?」

Junpei made awkwardly smiled wryly.

「Well, that’s of course, I can tell just by looking」

「……well, whatever. The sun would set if I get surprise with each of every thing you do. And then? What’s up with the【Throwing】skill?」

「And……so. Your【Throwing】’s skill level is skilled class……it’s between beginner class and master class right?」

「It’s exactly how I told you before in exchange for you telling me your beginner class【Monster Tame】skill. It’s not like I lied at that time」

“Yosh”, Junpei nodded with satisfaction.

「Starting now……I’ll give you a sure-win plan」

「……sure-win?」

Junpei puts his palm on top of Ami’s head while she was surprised.

「The man that we met at the pub also said so, but swordsmanship, archery, and throwing skill’s proficiency not only adds bonus on the skill to use the weapons or accuracy and evasion, but it also has bonus to the attack power of the weapons itself right?」

He was surprised after hearing about it specifically from Ami, but depending on the proficiency of the weapon arts skills, there would also be multipliers on the weapon equipped just like the following.

1.5x for Beginner class

2x for Skilled class

2.5x for Master class

3x for Heroic class

4x for Super class

For example, Cerberus’s Canine has the rarity of Mythological class, and has an amazing special ability of dealing damage whatever the opponent is, but its pure attack power is 250.

In this world that S-class rarity would make unimaginable commotion, Junpei himself had doubts about the Cerberus’s Canine that is mythological class since, although it is unprocessed, it has only 250 attack power. However, those doubts finally disappeared here.

Whether it is Short Sword Arts or Knife Arts, if it were super-class, the Canine’s attack would become 1000, changing to a true mythological item. In short, although it natural, it just means that weapons would only show their true value by having weapon arts type of skills.

「Oi, Ami. For the meantime, I’ll hand this four to you」

Junpei took out knives from his pocket and passed it to Ami.

「Johnny the Macker……an item for Thief that’s about D-Rank to C-Rank huh. Although it is at the best quality for a general use item, its price is reasonable……but, why four of them?」

「It’s for throwing. You spent five whole days with me eating and sleeping and you didn’t notice? I have 50 of them hidden all over my body」

Ami dropped her jaws open to those words.

「I won’t do check another person’s equipment without permission since it would be rude. I mean……this knife? It isn’t something cheap that should be used for throwing knives you know?」

「Well, leaving that aside……」

Furthermore, Junpei took out five vials and handed it to Ami.

There is dark-black liquid inside.

「This is……blood?」

「Don’t ask about the details」

Did she feel something from Junpei’s words? Ami only nodded and did not ask furthermore.

「……how’s it used?」

「Before the fight starts……smear about half a vial for each knife. I don’t care whether it is for throwing or for melee, but anyway, if you were able to deal a scratch to your opponent using that, you can disable him paralyzed」

「……that’s ridiculous. Isn’t that unbeatable? Well, I’m a Thief, and……my accuracy and evasion status is very high you know? One hit as long as it hits……? What kind of magic item is that?」

「Haha, well, I also think it’s ridiculous」

「But, if that’s true, if only a little scratch is neededーー」

Junpei said to Ami who started to have hope as if to restrain her.

「Just, use that sure-kill combination of knives and vials as a last resort……for example, when you felt danger after someone closed down on you」

But towards that, Ami replied with a dissatisfied expression.

「No, if I fought properly, in most of the cases, it would be my life in danger though?」

「Ahh, I didn’t explain it properlyーーthat right now is an underhanded sure-win method just for insurance. And, right now, I’ll give you a proper sure-win method」

Junpei puts his hand into his pocket while winking, took out a certain item, and handed it to Ami.

「Eh……?! This is……」

Ami raised a pure voice of surprise after receiving that thing from Junpei.

「If you have【Throwing】skillーーyou’re undefeatable if you use this」

Ami distorted her lips to a grin after understanding the meaning of Junpei’s words.

「Well, yeahーーit’s surely undefeatable」

Ami kept that thing in her pocket and was unable to hold back her smile for a while.





Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 2)


In the Guild Regional Headquarters’ inner courtyard.

There are more than a thousand people moving around the quickly made special stage.

Merchants are allowed to open stalls in the condition of paying a certain margin to the guild, and it became a festival.

It just shows that from at all times and places; all ages and countries, whether it is on Earth or a different world, hand to hand combat events are one of the most popular events.

Common people are also allowed to enter by paying an entrance fee, but the capacity of the venue has been quickly exceeded, so the tickets are already sold out.

There is a reason why a mere B-Rank examination is this popular.

People gather to watch the martial competitions that were held by regional Lords or the Kingdom itself, butーーthose official tournaments were too high-class. On the other hand, the examinations held by the Guild has no specific rules except not to kill the opponent, so it is preferred by the mass.

Although it might be an accidental death, it is still a death match where people die. Inevitably, it would just become an exciting and thrilling entertainment, and in this world where there are only a few entertainments, it would get really lively, as it would make the masses relieve themselves of their stress.

And the gaze of those mass had gathered on a large man wearing a full armor equipment and a petite girl in her teens, who are about to start their first match.

「Well, well, I’m quite lucky. Little missy’s a Thief right? I’m a Warrior」

From the audience’s perspective, it only looks like a beautiful girl served as a sacrifice, and a violent man who would persecute her.

The audience’s dark temptations made them even excited because they knew that they were going to see a cruel show.

「……」

「I’m a Warrior. A job which is the large shield and melee member of a party……by the way, my defense powers, adding up my equipment and skills, is 750. Little missy could only tickle me I guess」

Hearing those words, Ami was unable to hold back her laughter and laughed out loud.

「Fufu……! Haha! Hahahaha!」

「Hey, Little missy……what happened?」

Ami continued her laugh hearing the man dubiously ask.

「Lucky you say……? You’re saying that in front of me?」

Ami continued while placing her hand on her pocket.

「If there is a status called LuckーーI probably have four, or maybe five digits」

What Ami took out was an Ｓ＆Ｗ Ｍ５７ 41 caliber magnum.

「This, it seems like it’s a National Treasure Class item……, no well, I really feel so bad about this……seriously」

Because the bullets can be reloaded using MP, it was a good fit for Ami who has a decent amount of MP.

Most importantly, it was that guns are treated as throwing weapons.

With the multiplier bonus, Ami’s attack powers right now have exceeded 700.

ーーvictory goes to one who makes the first move.

“Pan!”, a dry sound echoed. At the same timeーーa small hole was opened on the unarmored shoulder of the large man, and he let out a short voice of suffering.

Following that, Ami pulled the trigger, aiming at the man’s chest.

This time, a small hole was opened, but it did not seem like it worked against the man.

“I see……”, Ami thought.

It would seem that her opponent’s defense is quite something. She was unable to deal fatal damage with one shot.

It looks like she was only able to deal effective damage on her opponent’s body that is only lightly protected.

However, even so, an Attack Power that exceeded 700 would still be a heavy body blow, even if the opponent’s role in a party is its shield.

The man who was showered with pain charged towards Ami while raising his large sword to counter attack.

Ami giggled towards the man who rushed towards her just like a tank.

「I’m a Thief you know. There’s no way……a slow Warrior can catch up to me」

After Ami had started to run with light steps, there started a one-sided massacre.

While running, Ami aimed the gun behind and pulled the trigger many, many times.

On the other hand, the man could only chase after Ami while enduring the pain.

Each of the attacks is not fatal. However, those attacks inevitably piled up, and deal damage.

And just like that, Ami finally shot her gun as if to put an end to him, then returned the gun to her pocket.

「Well, I should say, what a person needs is the best boyfriend huh. There’s that, which is guns are really suitable for Thieves as wellーー」

A bloody man had collapsed at Ami’s gaze.

Ami puffed out her chest once, and sent a flying kiss towards Junpei who was watching.

Junpei made an indescribable expression, closing his eyes while slightly hiding his face.

「Please stop it, it’s embarrassing……」

“But even so……”, Junpei thought.

As long as it is not an extraordinary opponent, he was sure that Ami could win with the Ｓ＆Ｗ Ｍ５７. However, adding to that, Junpei also gave her the best combination of throwing knives and his blood, as a last resort.

“Yareyare”, Junpei laughed deprecatingly.

「Well, this……it isn’t being overprotective, right?」

「Hmm……it’s my turn」

The first match ended with Ami’s overwhelming win.

And following that, the second match.

As a result of the draws, the match cards were Junpei and a slender swordsman.

「Be careful, Junpei?」

Although Ami said that, she was not worried at all.

After all, she said those words while eating yakitori that she bought from the stalls.

「Hey, what’s with that treatment, your boyfriend’s going to a dangerous place right now you know?」

After swallowing the meat, Ami’s eyes sparkled.

「Right now, you said it?」

「What?」

「You said your my boyfriend right?!」

“Oh damn……”, Junpei made a sour face and let out a deep sigh.

「And so, I’ll be going」

Ami replied with a beautiful smile while eagerly waving her hands.

「Be careful to not kill your opponent okay! Hold back! Holding back is important!」

Ami seems like……she has quite an open personality.

I mean, she is really standing out.

「……even so, those words are too reckless」

Junpei went to the stairs connecting to the stage with cheers without concern behind him.

And, as Junpei stood on the stage, he was shocked.

「What……the hell? What do you mean by this?」

Junpei could not be blamed for being surprised. It is because, it was the Examiner, Judy who was standing in front of him.

And beside her, was a slender warrior lying down while foaming.

「Ara? Is it really that surprising? Me, the Examiner, appearing on the stage. Is it really that weird?」

Junpei continued to ask Judy who was smiling pleasantly.

「Tell me the conclusion. What the heck is this」

「Ufufu……you know……little boy’s a little tooーーoverpowered you know」

「Overpowered?」

「That’s right. In short, it is too unfair if this tournament continues and you pass. Well, it’s only Onee-san’s arbitrary decision though」

「Hmm……I see」

Junpei drops a fist to his hand and grinned.

「In short, harassment huh? And I’ll be getting an exhibition match or something against the honorable Examiner……of course, I would fail if I lose……is that it?」

「Correct」

Judy answered with a casual smile.

On one hand, an S-Rank Adventurer, on the other, an examinee of the B-Rank examination.

The chances of winning were clear, and was nothing else but bullying.

Those who are ranked S-Rank has just that ridiculous strength. It is normally impossible for those who have such strength, or strength that exceeded that, to fight against an unknown warrior.

「Well……with this, little boy would fail unsightly. But, don’t worry. I won’t kill you. And……」

「And?」

「I’ll let you off with a light loss of consciousness, so come to my place after the match……although I did this and that, I recognize your skills. That’s why there’s this exhibition match right?」

「What do you mean by that?」

「As compensation of this exhibition match, I’ll share a good, profiting deal with you. I lack some pawns you know?」

「In the end, you are only going to use me in some way? Well, that doesn’t matter. And so, you said it? You’ll let me off with a light loss of consciousnessーー」

Junpei shrugged his shoulders while making a wry smile, and continued.

「I’ll also let you off with a loss of consciousness. You’re lucky? I’m kind, so my policy is an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. Even if the opponent’s an atrocity, I won’t attack with excess strength」

「Haha! Little boy’s really confident huh? Are you saying that knowing that I’m an S-Rank Adventurer?」

「Yeah, I know? And so, can I treat this as the match had already started?」

At the same time as he finished his wordsーーJunpei had already taken Judy’s back.

「……eh?」

The Cerberus’s Canine was placed on the petrified Judy’s neck.

「That’s right. I know. I know very well that you’re just a small fry? Ahh, I don’t need to say this, but it’s checkmate」

「……what did you do? Was that a trick?」

Judy immediately jumped to the side and took distance from Junpei.

「What what……? I just moved normally though?」

「It means that it’s an illusion or something huh……」

Judy convinced herself.

「Well, whatever. I’ll show you thenーーa real illusion!!」

A white aura enveloped Judy’s body.

Finally, the aura left Judy’s body and started to circulate in the surroundings.

Adding to that, the aura changed its shape into a knife.

「Oi, oi, seriously……?」

Their numbers were ridiculous. It easily exceeded several thousands, and might even reach ten thousand.

「nfufu? Well then, what will you do? Little boy?」

「As expected of S-Rank, I guess……」

「Skill【Ten Thousand Darts】……its Heroic Class. It looks like you’re proud of your speed, butーーdodge these thousands of blades if you can!!」

And, the blades attacked Junpei at once.

「Hehe……this is quite a thrill, after a long time」

Junpei happily charged towards the thousands of blades that attacked him.

If it were to be described, it was a whirling barrier of blades.

Normally, one would think, there is no way that one could escape getting hit once captured by such thing.

However……

「What……?」

Judy could only lose her words seeing the scene in front of her. And in the next instant, she shouted as if she was half crying.

「Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!!!!」

She could not be blamed. Junpei who was swallowed by the wave of blades made of battle ki……with a technician’s, no, with a godlike speed and movement, dodged, parried, and blocked all of the blades that attacked himーーand broke through.

「Impossible! This is an illusion……just a fake reality. It is true that even if all of the blades made out of battle ki lands, there wouldn’t be that much damage……no, it’s because of that……it’s because of that bluffing numbers and appearance, and total number……but……」

“And that……that……”, Judy screamed with a crazy voice.

「Why can you dodge all of it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!」

Junpei was only able to find out the characteristics of Judy’s skill only after hearing her scream. In short, it was after he broke through that curtain of blades. Furthermore, he was just about to land a chop to her neck after standing behind her again, soーー

「Ahh, that……it was alright to get hit by it?」

Before Junpei finished saying that, Judy had received a chop to her spinal cord, and lost her consciousness.

And, silence came. The surroundings were governed by only the breaths of people, and was covered with an abnormal atmosphere.

Junpei looked around, but every one of themーーeven Ami was petrified with an unbelievable expression.

In this world, S-Rank adventurers are Heroes without a doubt, skilled people who can pick a fight against state power, and a super overpowered VIP.

And thatーーwith one hit.

With just, one, hit.

It was even more impossible for them not to get stunned.

「Junpei! Junpei!! F-F-For the meantime!! Raise your fist, it’s okay not to say something, but declare your victory!!」

Ami who had already accepted Junpei’s out of the world strength had regained herself from the unreal scene faster than the surrounding people.

「……」

Just like Ami had advised, Junpei slowly raised his right fist.

4 seconds.

5 seconds.

6 seconds.

And in next instantーーbrute sound violence.

The surroundings were enveloped by loud cheers that echoed even inside Junpei’s body.

It was the greatest cheer towards Junpei’s battle that was too unreal.

And while hearing those ridiculous leveled cheers, Junpei muttered while raising his right hand.

「Ahh, damn……it looks like……I was too overboard?」

“Anyways……”, Junpei thought.

With this, he had won. He was able to obtain the rights to become a B-Rank adventurer.

In other words, he is now able to get an advanced job.





Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 3)


At the same venue.

Fourth matchーーmeaning, Nakabayashi Yoshihiko who had finished the last match in the first round, was in a sulky mood inside the toilet room.

Since he had been summoned to this world, it was continuous misfortune.

He was originally a member of the delinquent group that has Kido as the center. Ever since they were teleported to this world, because of Kido having an extraordinary status, Nakabayashi’s standing changed as the world they are in change.

Described briefly, Nakabayashi is someone who has a personality that is unable to go against the strong.

ーーit was only that simple.

Nakabayashi acted like he had not seen the bullying that was done to Junpei, but he did not actively participate as well.

He did bully Junpei while checking Kido’s reactions at the least that he could doneーーbut anyways; he did not have a bad preference of enjoying bullying the weak.

In fact, he was the only one who has objected the plan of throwing Junpei into the Interstice Labyrinth until the end.

And even now, he was still unable to forget Junpei’s expression of despair at that time, and spent his days seeing nightmares every day.

Nakabayashi had found an opportunity to leave Kido’s group, but although he was able to do so, he did not train himself very well, and the ridiculous skill called 【Appraisal Eyes】super-class was not efficiently used, and he is still taking only a B-Rank examination.

「Haa……Kido had already gone with the Hero Party in the royal capital as a Magic Swordsman, after climbing up to the highest level of S-Rank, and Sakakibara seems to have awakened, and became an S-Rank too……」

Nakabayashi thought while peeing.

「As I’ve thought, maybe I’m not aggressive enough……well, Piggy……if Junpei wasn’t around, I’m sure that I’ll be the one bullied……I’m stupid after all……」

Nakabayashi continued while sighing.

「Even so……I’m really sorry about Junpei……literally giving me nightmares」

There is a reason why he is thinking of that right now.

Although Junpei looks completely like a different person with his【Mimicry】, even so, some of his features still remain. Because of that, it had shown effects to Nakabayashi’s unconsciousness.

「Ow……!」

And, there, Nakabayashi placed his hand to his ear.

「Inside my ear……eh……? Huh……uhh? Huhh? Huhh, uhh, hhu, uhh? This is weiiieeieiirrddddddーーーー??」

Halfway through his words, Nakabayashi started to drool and convulse.

Soon after, the white of his eyes showed and then vomited.

However, after a while, Nakabayashi stood up with a casual expression, took out a handkerchief from his pocket, and wiped off the drool and fluids in his mouth.

Furthermore, he spat out annoyingly.

「……what the heck is this? It can only be described as the worst. This is really a shitty material huh? I mean, this is really too ridiculous. Is this body really from Earth?」

The thing that possessed Nakabayashi’s body punched the wall as if to test something.

The wall was instantly destroyed, but Nakabayashi seemed displeased.

「Impossible……what’s with this spec……this is too ridiculous」

He clicked his tongue and continued.

「Well, whatever. Leaving that aside……it should become better after I steal that guy’s body」

The first match in the second round.

In the stage, Junpei’s bitter enemy, Nakabayashi Yoshihiko is standing in front of him.

「Well……what should I do?」

For Junpei, it is an opponent that he wants to steal its fighting ability instantly, chop of its limbs, and slice into pieces.

However, this is an only a match, so killing is prohibited.

「Well, it’s already decided what I’m going to do though」

The referee on the stage raised his hand, and declared the start of the match.

「Start!」

At the same time, Junpei raised his gear to his maximum speed. He instantly jumped up in the air above the stage, and took Nakabayashi’s back quicker than the eye can see.

「Alright, the end……」

It is possible to take revenge against Nakabayashi anytime. Junpei decided that he must prioritize ending the match, and gain an official B-Rank adventurer license.

Junpei was about to hit Nakabayashi’s neck with a chopーーbut a strange thing happened.

Nakabayashi instantly turned around, dodged Junpei’s chop, and grinned.

「It’s been a while? Right……Takeda Junpei? No……Piggy?」

Junpei lost his words. His【Mimicry】is working properly. He should have a westerner’s look that is very different from a Japanese look right now.

「……Takeda? What?」

“Haha”, Nakabayashi smiled.

「You’re acting dumb again〜……I really understand that you’re Takeda from the labyrinth……ya know?」

「Kansai-ben……?」

At the same time, Nakabayashi threw away the sword in his hand.

He then made a fist, and released a right straight with unbelievable speed.

……so fast!

The right straight directly hits Junpei’s nose.

It was an unbelievable speed.

It was an unbelievable attack.

And, an unbelievable dialect.

「【Acceleration】!!」

The action that the panicking Junpei took was simpleーーstepping back at his maximum speed.

However, Nakabayashi who had quickly caught up to Junpei hit him with consecutive blows.

「What the heck’s with that speed……are you saying, I’m only barely able to keep up even with my evasion proficiency?」

Junpei spat out.

He was dumbstruck by the reality shown in front of him, but Junpei was able to barely dodged the attack while sweating profusely.

「Haha! It looks like brother is really quite skilled? I mean, I’m really disgustingly amazed that I’m not able to take care of you with just that level of speed」

And there, Nakabayashi carelessly released a high kick. Does he not have a fighting technique? It was brute forcing of status that showed an opportunity although the combination was at high speed.

A fatal gap was made because of the high kick, and Junpei stabbed the Cerberus’s Canine to Nakabayashi’s flank.

「Ouch!!」

Fresh blood was gushed out of Junpei’s flank.

And thereーーJunpei finally understood the situation.

He took distance by jumping back once again, and while pressing his flank, he called out to Nakabayashiーーno, Harada.

「I see. I don’t really know what happened, but……Nakabayashi……youーーyou stopped being human huh?」

「What a rude guy. I’m a genuine human you know? No, well……I had long before stopped being human though?」

Junpei answered a sigh to Harada who said that with a joking tone.

「You’re……Harada right? It looks like you possessed Nakabayashi on top of stealing his memories, but……no, in this case, I guess it should be better to say that you’ve fused, not possess huh?」

“He〜……?”, Harada shrugged his shoulders.

「What a sharp boy you are……well, this is one of the answers that our boss made to create humans who will be able to clear the labyrinth. By continuously possessing in this way, we can fuse or combine the skills and experience points. It means, invincible super soldiers can easily be made」

Junpei narrowed his eyes after hearing that.

「However, if it’s like that……you should probably reach your limits of possessing? Human brains have a capacity limit, and to combine and fuse with personalities, that’s an ability that humans don’t originally have. You should be unable to……endure the burden from repeatedly possessing……」

Harada’s eyes widened and replied with a slightly trembling voice.

「Hey, brother……aren’t you a little, too sharp?」

“Huh……?”, Junpei felt something strange with his own words.

Basis does not exist with words that he had told right now. In the first place, why is he able to accept this, ridiculous situation……?

「……」

Harada asked Junpei jokingly after seeing him shut up.

「Haha, maybe brother has other stocked cheats, other than Skill Hunt?」

「……maybe」

Junpei had broken through the labyrinth many times using his intellect.

“But……”, Junpei thought. The person he was in Japan was some trash that was being bullied.

Furthermore, there were many unexplainable things that happened up until now……

ーーthis, maybe, is it……?

When Junpei was about to realize something in his core, Harada clapped his hands.

「Well, because of that, members that are the same type like me, have a short lifespan compared to those guys living for several thousand, or several tens of thousands of years. My possessing limits should probably be up to five, I guess?」

“Yareyare”, Harada spreads his arms.

「……but, well, just like I’ve said before, it’s live devouring another person’s whole life. By continuously fusing with another person, we can easily get stronger」

Junpei asks Harada.

「……and then? Nakabayashi’s body is useless, so you came to take my body? Most probably, you got crushed by that brat……or that overaged loli?」

「You’re really frighteningly sharp you know?」

Junpei gripped the Cerberus’s Canine with his right hand, and readied himself towards Harada.

「But, I myselfーーdon’t give up easily you know?」

Harada grinned hearing Junpei’s words.

「Well, you need to do something about my Physical Reflection……or else, you can’t do anything?」

A dark red aura appeared on the surface of Harada’s body.

「The skills that I gained from eating four up until now. A total of seven physical strengthening type skills, I’ll use them alright? And so……with an overwhelming status with a level that reached 3000……」

He continued while laughing.

「Even if I don’t Reflect……you don’t have a chance to win?」

When Junpei noticed it, Harada was standing behind him.

「……this is bad」

Even though Junpei had placed almost all his points to his agility, he was still inferior.

Junpei immediately escaped from the area where Harada’s hands can reach.

He took distance, and thought of a way to win.

Even if he wants to shower Harada with his poisonous blood, he does not have the chance.

No, in the first place, even if Junpei was able to hit him with his blood, fluids should also be possible to be reflected back.

ーーhonestly, there are several ways to pass through his Physical Attack Reflection.

A few days before, ever Harada had carelessly shown that skill, Junpei had thought of ways to counter itーーeven so, there was nothing that he could do because the gap between their status is too huge.

“If there was only a situation where I can attack him, and with that skill……”, Junpei gritted his teeth.

「Un. What a good expression? It looks like you know yourself that you can’t do anything?」

Harada slowly walked towards Junpei while grinning.

Junpei tried jumping left and right to take distance from Harada, but Harada would catch up to him with speeds that exceeded his.

And, a leg sweep.

Harada raised his fist highly towards Junpei who he tripped to the ground beautifully.

「Well then, hurry up and lose your consciousness? Ahh, brother won’t die, no worries? I’m the base personality, but brother will live inside me」

Harada’s fistーーhowever, it was not shot towards Junpei.

Skill【Vacuum Blade】.

The blade of vacuum that was shot from Harada’s fist, it turned to a different directionーーtowards the audience seat.

【Vacuum Blade】is a mid-ranged attack that those who have melee jobs like swordsmen or martial artists prefer to use.

Screams were raised from the explosion point, and dozens of humans perished, scattering their viscera.

「A〜re?!」

Harada continuously shot【Vacuum Blade】towards the audience seat while saying that.

「A〜re?! Are?!!」

A death storm whirled around the stage.

「Damn it……my body won’t listen!! The personalities got fucking cheeky because of that defeat earlier……psychopaths of the labyrinth clearing group……are you satisfied as long as you see blood?! Ahhhhh, fuck it!」

Junpei was caught off guard, but immediately decided that it’s an opportunity.





Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 4)


Harada had possessed many bodies and gained their memories as well. But it would seem that he had exceeded his capacity, and main personality, Harada, is unable to control the other personalities.

Junpei rolled to the side and took distance from Harada at maximum speed.

No……more specifically, Junpei ran away from the stage.

And, he rushed towards the Examiner, Judy, as fast as he can.

「Where can I do it?!」

「Do……? What?」

Junpei continued with a furious expression while grabbing Judy’s shoulders.

「The rights of a B-Rank adventurer! Changing class once! I can do it in the Guild’s Regional Headquarters right?! I had already passed the examination itself……I should have that right!!」

「……what? What do you mean?」

「I’m Jobless right nowーーthat’s the only chance I can get, to defeat that monster!!」

「Eh……?! Jobless? You defeated me instantly……but little boy’s……Jobless?」

Judy was shocked and petrified and seems as if she could not utter a word.

“Pashiiin!”, a dry sound echoed.

「Tell me quickly! There’s no time!」

Junpei shouted once again after slapping Judy’s cheek and making her return to reality.

「That guy is targeting me! I’ll get killed if I don’t kill him……now’s the only chance! If that guy’s left alone, everyone who hasn’t escape will all die! That’s not good for you too right?!」

It would seem that a considerable number of casualties have been made, and the venue was enveloped with panic and chaos.

The audience rushed towards the exit with their livesーーbut【Vacuum Blade】was shot, as if to declare that they cannot escape.

An explosive sound. And, chunks of meat had scattered, the smell of blood and viscera had enshrouded the venue.

Those who were late to escape despaired and screamed.

ーーit was in complete chaos.

Judy told Junpei with a resolute face.

「It’s in the main building’s second floor, at the innermost roomーーhurry up and go」

And, she started to walk towards the stairs that lead to the stage.

「Hey, you……what are you planning to do?」

「Don’t mind me……just go! I’m telling you to go raise your status!! I’m telling you that……you’re the only one who can do something about that monster!!」

「No, but why……why are you going up to the stage?」

「I don’t know what I can do. ButーーI’ll buy some time!!」

「……?」

Judy shouted furthermore.

「The only one who can bully rookies……the only one who can destroy rookies, is me! And that……why the heck are you destroying them with the audience?! Don’t mess with me!! If commoners can be killed, then I’d killed them a long time ago! To let that unknown thing……destroy the matches that I held……there’s no way I’ll let him do that! I’ll give you a taste of my fist!!」

Junpei rolled his eyes and smiled wryly.

「You’re, as usual huhーーbut, I’ll be indebted with you this time!」

Junpei ran and Judy went towards the stage.

She took out a cigarette case while walking and took out one.

She lit it using beginner magic and took in a huge puff.

Her instincts as an S-Rank Adventurer was releasing its loudest alarm.

「……ahh, this, I’ll probably die」

When she came up to the stage, Harada did not mind her and showed the white of his eyes, continuing to attack the audience seat while drooling.

After Judy finished smoking one stick, she smiled deprecatingly.

「Really……this isn’t like me」

Judy took a deep breath while whispering and walked towards Harada.

Once upon a time, the God that made this world created monsters, and created superhumans to subjugate those monsters.

Those superhumans trained themselves to subjugate those monsters that threaten the world, and finally grouped up.

That is the Adventurer’s Guild.

Furthermore, the God gave the Adventurer’s Guild the rights to operate the job system that greatly interferes the rule that governs this world……the concept of Status.

The class change system that gives B-Rank adventurers the right to change their class once is also a part of that, and even the right to class change towards advanced class that is only given to A-Rank adventurers and above is included as well.

The class change towards advanced classes could only be done at the Guild’s Main Headquarters, but normal class changes can be done on regional headquarters.

Junpei who have reached the second floor of the Guild Branch’s main building opened the door in front of himーーthe door that leads to a sacred area.

「This is……they probably spent a lot of money for it」

A room made out of marble. Thin water could be seen on the floor.

Rays of light coming from the sun passed through the stained glass window and looked very sacred.

In the center of the sacred area was a Goddess Statue that stretches out its right hand as if to answer those who have the qualifications.

「……do I only need to shake its hand?」

Junpei carefully reached out his hand towards the Goddess’s handーーand held it.

ーーlost child, walking through an odd destiny……what aptitude job do you wish for?

A voice directly echoed inside his head.

「……I only wish for one thing. Give me the job that has the greatest chance of surviving……give it to me right now」

And then, a certain phrase entered Junpei’s mind.

ーーUnique Job: Skill Collector

After an instant of passing, Junpei felt changes throughout his body.

Overflowing vitality……no, it was as if life energy had enveloped his whole body.

He took out his status plate, and saw that the level up bonus up until now was corrected, adding remaining 5800 bonus points into it.

「The problem is, whether I can do that or not……but there’s no help thinking of it. Distributing my status pointsーーto do that……this is the only way」

Andーー

After a moment of hesitation, he placed all of his bonus points in his Evasion Efficiency.

「With this, my evasion efficiency is already over 25000 with full equips and【Idaten】huh…… haha, this is exceeding ridiculous. Well, if I still lose to speed like this, there’s nothing that can be done」

Junpei lightly nodded, turned around, and ran.

「As I’ve thought……it is whether I can do that in this situation…… I didn’t think that the Examiner would risk her life after all……really, how troubling」

Name : Takeda Junpei Thesaurus Points : 50

Level Up : 1161

Bonus Points Gained : 5800

Status

Job : Skill Collector Level : 1161

HP : 1840 MP : 180

Attack Power : 300 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5) Defense Power : 425 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5)

Evasion Efficiency : 10200 (Junpei’s basic stat : 9655)

Equipments

Main : Magic Beast’s Canine (Mythological Class)

※Infused with God Killer attribute

Sub : S&W M57 Forty-one caliber Magnum (National Treasure Class)

※Bullets replenished using magic powers. No strengthening

Armor : Sword Saint’s Light Armor (Rare : Rank S)

※Defense Power +145 / Attack Power +45

Shield : Aegis’ Shield (Legendary Class)

※Defense Power +250 / Evasion Efficiency + 300

Mantle : Cloak of Evasion (Rare : Rank A)

※Passive that increases the basic Evasion Efficiency to 1.5 times

Shoes : Tenma no Tabi (National Treasure Class)

※Defense Power + 30 / Evasion Efficiency + 245

Skill (Skill Slot: 5 Remaining)

Appraisal Eyes (Super-Class)

Trash Box (Ultimate)



———————————————————————————————-

All Status Ailments Resistance

Butcher (Super-Class)

Monster Tame (Beginner Class)

Mimicry (Super-Class)

Acceleration (Special)



· Rise of the Herculean (Heroic-Class) / +650 Attack Power

· Explosive Strong Body (Master-Class) / +350 Attack Power and Defense Power

· Idaten (Job) / +75% Evasion Efficiency

Throwing (Master-Class)



· Limit Cut (Super-Class) / +750 Attack Power and Defense Power

Attributes

Undead King

※Changing Body Composition. Just like an undead, its body fluid, blood, and, meat would become a very strong neurotoxin.

Tamed Monsters

Pure Slime

Pandemic Slime

Sand Slime





Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 5)


After returning to the courtyard, Junpei was stunned seeing the tragedy ahead of him.

It should’ve been only less than five minutes since he left, but the venue was a mountain of corpses, and only a few can still move.

It would seem that the place was almost annihilated, except those who have escaped.

There was also Judy’s bloody figure collapsed outside the stage.

Ami is giving her first aid, butーーsome of her organs are coming out of her, and there was no way to treat her.

It would seem that Harada’s mental state has calmed down, he sat down and took deep breaths at his place.

「……」

Junpei silently walked towards Ami and Judy.

However, it looks like Harada noticed Junpei. He stood up and opened his mouth.

「Haha, it looks like you got a little stronger huh? I also started to calm down」

He swung his arms multiple times and shot【Vacuum Blade】towards Junpei.

Junpei easily dodged them and ran towards Ami at the same time.

「Junpei?」

「How’s the examiner?」

Ami shook her head and Junpei puts his hand into on his pocket.

「………tch, this is really……damn it……!」

「Hurry up and come here! Or do you want me to go there?! I mean, I’ll throw you into hell again!! Just like that time when Kido and I pushed you into the labyrinth!!」

That was probably a declaration made by Harada after combining with Nakabayashi and obtaining his memories.

ーー*ba-dump*

Junpei’s heart thumped greatly and something inside him popped.

Being undefeatable ever since coming outside, and the encounter and honeymoon with Ami.

Within those, feelings that he had forgotten in a short while.

That time when he was pushed into the labyrinth, that instant he knew he was in hell, they flashed back inside his head.

Kido and Noriko……and those cronies that despicably laughed at him.

ーーwhy the hell did I want to survive? Of course, it isーーfor revenge.

If I do not turn Kido and the others into meat chunks……there is no meaning to coming outside.

That’s right; it wouldn’t be worth it eating rotten flesh and sipping blood.

Junpei looked at Judy who was being looked after by Ami, and smiled deprecatingly.

「I already decided……that I won’t care about what means it is……as long as I survive, right? That’s why, I ate rotting flesh, right? ーーTakeda Junpei!! You’ve killed lots and lots of people……don’t start making up fucking reasons like……they’re not resisting or it’s murdering an innocent person……you’d be damned if you fucking get scared about killing now!!」

Junpei slapped both of his cheeks and roused himself.

「Oi, Judy-san?」

「……what?」

Junpei asked Judy who answered as if she was breathing her last breaths.

「Do you think you’d survive?」

Judy shook her head as if she had given up.

「Don’t think so」

「I guessed so. I’m relieved hearing that」

Junpei puts his hand on his waist.

What he took out was the Cerberus’s Canine.

「Hey, Junpei……? What are you doing?」

Junpei did not give a mind to Ami’s words.

To steal skillsーーthe opponent must be completely restrained.

However, Junpei has no time to restrain her freedom with Harada just ahead of them.

「Hey……are you serious?! This person……she, she did her best until she got this injured……just to save us……」

「Shut up! My determination will dullーーshut up for a moment」

Junpei placed the Cerberus’s Canine on Judy’s neck, and thought while pressing it in.

Right now, what I need to prioritize the most is Ami’s and my survival.

「That’s right. What I need to do……it doesn’t matter how I do it. If it is to surviveーー」

There is no other choice left.

The skill needed to survive is just right there. She won’t survive any longer.

If so, the choice is clear. In meansーー

ーーI’ll kill her and steal it……

Junpei widened his eyes and cuts through Judy’s neck.

Judy was immediately dissolved into light particles and turned into two skill cards.

「Skill【The Art of the Knife-wielder】……heroic-class. As expected of an S-Rank. I’ll use it thankfully」

He equipped it into his skill slot.

「Skill【Ten Thousand Darts】……heroic-class? Although it’s a trash skill……you’ve used it a lot huh」

Junpei equipped the skill【Ten Thousand Darts】into his skill slot while making an indescribable face.

「ーーwell then, the pieces are all here」

Junpei whispered to himself and climbed up to the stage.

「Now, let’s end all this, Harada!!」

Harada who was waiting for him made a fearless smile.

「And then? How would you defeat me?」

Junpei took out two knives with strings in the end.

「Well……for the meantime……there’s only the choice of attacking normally」

Harada pleasantly smiled the instant Junpei threw his knives.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

The knife’s impact that was reflected back……no, that vector reflection of power, it was dodged by Junpei.

In the first place, power vector cannot be seen by the naked eye.

The physical reflection that Harada uses has the characteristics that it would return the impact of the attack that hits him, exactly back from the same point it landed.

And to dodge that, god-like skills of making one’s body move in an instant of thousandths of seconds before the reflected attack was received.

「You……dodged it?」

「It looks like I won the first stage of the gamble. Though……I really thought that it would become like this if I placed all of my stats into evasion」

Junpei continued to control his knives and throw them.

「【Physical Attack Reflection】!!」

After dodging the reflected attack, Junpei continued to attack with his knives.

That match was repeated several times.

「It’s useless no matter what you do though?」

「Well, although you’re saying that, your face doesn’t look as fine as your words?」

And when Junpei started to laugh, a wound was made on his cheek.

「Tch……!」

「Well, of course? In the first place……dodging reflecting attacks using something like prophetic-like abilities……that’s an absurd act you know? It’s not like you can dodge like forever, so it’s just gonna get worst you know?」

Junpei did not mind Harada’s words and continued to control his knives.

「If so, then wait for me to kill myself」

Several matches.

Tens of several matches.

Several hundred matches.

Junpei dodged the reflections of his own attacks adding to the attacks Harada himself made.

And while dodging all of that, while receiving some woundsーーten minutes have passed.

When he noticed it, Junpei’s whole body was covered with his own blood, and he was breathing profusely.

His knees were completely shaking and he looked like he’d collapse anytimeーー

「Haha! It looks like you were all but words?」

Junpei raised his middle finger towards the laughing Harada.

「Skill【Ten Thousand Darts】」

At the same time that Junpei shouted, aura arrows exceeding ten thousand was created around him.

「There’s almost no attacking power……but even so, it’s an attack that has mass, although it’s miniscule」

Junpei raised the corner of his lips.

「What that means, I don’t really need to explain it right?」

「……………………what are you talking about?」

「You’re still hiding it now……? Well, whatever」

Junpei raised his hand higher than his head and continued.

「There are many ways to counter physical reflections」

「What gibberish are you saying now? Vector reflection is synonymous to invincible at all times and places right?」

Unlike his words, there was sweat dripping off Harada’s temples.

「It’s true that it’s almost an invincible ability. However, the one using that skill……in this case, it’s you who is only human. On top of that, the one calculating is Nakabayashi’s brain……it’s only an ordinary man’s brain. No, rather……Nakabayashi’s head isn’t that good. I’m the one saying it, being at the same school with him before getting teleported. I’m very sure about that you know?」

「…………」

「Physical reflection. That kind of advanced calculation……do you think a human brain can process it forever? At least, I don’t think so, in fact……I also feel dull headaches if I use my abilities absurdly」

「……………………」

「And, so, I only need to attack you so much that your brain cannot withstand its processing. Most probably, even if it’s one attack following another, as long as the attack power isn’t so weak, it would become impossible to reflect. The human brain’s processing ability exceeds that after all. And so, right now, what I’m doing isーーa saturation attack using numbers」

Harada shrugged his shoulders, half-given up, hearing Junpei’s words.

「Those knife attacks……they were intentional, so that I’ll be exhausted before the last, saturation attack huh……you did, and even if it’s forced, attacked using numbers……is that what you mean?」

「That’s right. I mean, you……aren’t your headache already exceeding your limits with the attacks I did up until now?」

Harada jokingly said with a banzai pose.

「You got me there. It looks like you’ve seen through almost everything」

「Yeah, you fucking bastard. It’s checkmate」

Junpei dropped the hand he was raising and thousands of arrows fell towards Harada.

「Did you really think I’d say that?! You dumbass!!」

「……?」

「Haha!! I know that these arrows are just for show! Even if I receive all of them, there’d be almost zero damage! If so, I can just make through by releasing my reflectーー」

Junpei then said while placing the Cerberus’s Canine to his own wrist.

「Ahh, well, I thought that you’d do that」

Fresh blood spurting out. At the same time, the thousands of arrows disappeared. Junpei canceled the skill.

Blood cosmetic was plastered to Harada’s neck, some entered his eyes, and some entered his lungs through inhaling.

「This is the second gamble. I’d given up if you had status ailment resistance skills」

「Ah……re……?」

Harada presses his hand to his eye and his knees fell down.

「It looks like……I completely won the gamble」

Junpei released a middle-kick towards Harada’s face.

Harada was blown away up to the air, fell and rolled miserably on the ground, and finally fell off the stage.

Junpei also got off the stage with light movements.

And, he continued his words while cracking his knuckles.

「ーーit’s checkmate here」

Junpei straddles over Harada’s body.

Junpei then presses the Cerberus’s Canine to Harada’s neck.

Seeing him do that, Harada shouted with a strained voice.

「Sorry……Takeda……! It’s all my fault!」

「……Nakabayashi?」

「After losing……Harada’s mental control weakened. What I’m going to say right now, is my true and honest wordsーーlisten to me……Takeda」

「……?」

「At that time……I didn’t want to drop you into hell. Harada’s memories were also feeding back to me, so I know……I know what kind of place that is. You crawled out of that place right? I admire you」

「Then, I’ll ask you, why is it that, in the end, you pushed me down that abyss with Kido?」

「……I couldn’t go against Kido」

「……」

Junpei got silent but Nakabayashi continued to talk.

「Hey, Takeda? When you were sent to go buy bread, everyone else didn’t pay, but I gave you money many times」

「Come to think of it……that’s true」

「I’m not as rotten as the other guys. At that time, I really, I really tried to stop Kido……please. Forgive me, Takeda! I’ll ask you as your classmate once. Please……please don’t kill me」

Junpei thought of something for a while and made a slight smile.

「I see. I see, I see. You really couldn’t go against Kido huh……I get you. I totally get you. That guy’s so fucking absurd after all. He’d quickly throw his punches after all」

「That’s right, that’s right! I tried to stop him many times」

「But then, the reason I’m killing you, you know. It’s because Harada’s really a threat. And……right now, Harada stopped being a threat. Well, I can let you go if I want to」

「Please……Takeda! Don’t kill me……! We……we were once friends, right?」

“Un”, Junpei nodded and showed a smile.

「But, even leaving Harada asideーーjust like you couldn’t go against Kido, you can’t go against my anger fits. You can only compensate by dying」

「Eh……?!」

「Ah〜, also……Harada? Don’t look down on people alright? You desperately searched Nakabayashi’s memories……but those were the things you found? Did you really think you could escape using that? Well, sorry, but……that’sーー」

Junpei continued while cutting off Harada’s neck using the Cerberus’s Canine.

「ーーfucking dumb」

With the blood gushing out, splashing towards his whole body, Junpei looked to the sky with trembling shoulders.





Chapter 6 - Final Examination (Part 6)


With the blood gushing out, splashing towards his whole body, Junpei looked to the sky with trembling shoulders.

「The second one……」

When Junpei was overcome by deep emotions with a blank expression. Ami walked towards him.

「Hey, Junpei?」

「I know that there’s a lot of things that you want to ask and say to me」

Although Judy was already half-dead, Junpei has his own thoughts about killing her as well.

He killed her not for self-defense, but for his own gains.

That was not something to be proud of, and it was also outside of Junpei’s own virtue……it was completely vile.

「Let’s talk later. Right now……can you be quiet for a while?」

「What do you mean?」

「This guy isn’t dead yet……no, he’s not incapacitated yet」

Ami looked at Harada who was lying down under Junpei.

「He doesn’t look like he’s alive though……how can you tell that?」

「I’ll tell you because it’s you, butーーI have an ability to steal skills. You saw it earlier right? In the case where I want to steal skills, they would turned into skill cards. But, right now, that didn’t happen」

「……hey?」

When Ami was about to continue, Junpei interrupted her and said.

「That’s why, don’t talk anymore. You’ve seen how dangerous this guy is right? I need to concentrate my whole sensesーー」

「That’s really hard to believe just by listening……but, if I’m correct, that guy wanders around possessing human bodies right?」

*Pan!*

*Pan!!*

*Pan!!*

A total of three shotsーーthe dry sound of the Ｓ＆Ｗ Ｍ５７ echoed.

「Oi! Ami?」

「The main body, this thing in pieces right now with those shots……isn’t this worm-like thing it?」

Ami was pointing near the back of Junpei. There was a 10 cm worm corpse split into pieces.

「……this is?」

「It silently appeared when Junpei was concentrating on that guy. It’s a common escaping skill that monsters use……it’s similar to teleportation in short distances……so I quickly figured it out. He’s acting dead……or rather, it’s like cutting off a lizard’s tail, with the main body escaping」

「……oi oi, are you serious?」

Ami continued her words with the dumbstruck Junpei losing his.

「It tried to approach Junpei, so probably……it tried to possess Junpei’s body, I guess?」

Junpei swallowed his breath.

“What would’ve happened if Ami was not here……”, Junpei felt cold shivers similar to fear and let out a deep sigh.

「Really, I can’t really tell whether you’re a useful or a useless woman」

「n? At the least, I was useful now right?」

“Yeah”, Junpei nodded and rubbed Ami’s head.

「Ami? I want to ask something」

「What?」

「Do you have anything to say, with me killing Judy-san?」

Ami honestly shook her head vertically.

「I have some thoughts about it. That person fought to protect us too」

「……and?」

「But, I don’t have anything to say to Junpei」

「Meaning?」

「We would’ve died if you didn’t do that right? I’m not shameless enough to blame you for saving our lives, and I don’t think that Junpei’s choice was wrong as well」

「……」

「No, rather, I think that it’s the kind of strength to live in this world」

Junpei looked up to the sky and tried to hide his tears that almost appeared from Ami.

「You, you know」

「n?」

「You’re such a good woman」

「You just noticed it now?」

「Shut up」

And, there, Junpei dropped a fist on Ami’s head.

「But……was it alright?」

Ami asked Junpei feeling really bad about something.

「n? What are you talking about?」

「You…………you can steal skills by killing your opponents right?」

「Yeah. You should know this, but……you mustn’t tell anyone」

「That guy earlier……shouldn’t he have amazing skills? I’m the one who killed him you know?」

And there, Junpei sucked his breath.

「As I’ve thought, I can’t really tell whether you’re useful or not」

「Hey, uhm, can I ask one thing too?」

「n?」

「You’re, also, pretty much……spaced out sometimes huh?」

“Haha”, the two of them shook hands.

「Just, well……it’s not like there’s no harvest you know? You’re the one who killed the main body, but it looks like its treated that I’m the one who killed the puppet」

Nakabayashi’s corpse that Harada left was turned into light particles.

What was left was one card.

「Extreme Skill【Physical Laws Intervention Authority】……huh」

As a bonus effects, +500 was added to all status.

As the main effectーー

ーー脊ﾔQPﾐﾖ番待・・Ａ瓲ﾄMﾄ%%ﾁｵﾀ牘ｦｼｸﾂ漑・ﾈﾉｨ規。

As usual, it was gibberish.

However, this skill is probably……the prerequisite of the powers used by Harada, the girl that named herself a dragon, and the girl that he had met in his dreams in the labyrinth many times.

And there, Ami raised her voice.

「What is it?」

She started to tremble while looking at her status plate.

「n? What is it really?」

She paled as if she had seen something unbelievable, and dropped to her knees.

「Impossible……」

「For the third time, what is it?」

「My level……it increased up to 245 from 40」

After thinking for a moment, Junpei opened his mouth.

「With Harada’s level, I don’t think that it would be weird even if it increased up to 500 though. Well, although it’s the main body, it doesn’t have that much fighting strength after all……」

Ami was completely dumbfounded hearing those words.

「Y-You’re really saying that with a casual face……? Seriously, you’re too ridiculous……what kind of life did you have until now……」

Name : Takeda Junpei Thesaurus Points : 20

Level Up : 1161 → 1201

Bonus Points Gained : 400

Status

Job : Skill Collector Level : 1201

HP : 2540 MP : 680

Attack Power : 300 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5) Defense Power : 425 (Junpei’s basic stat : 5)

Evasion Efficiency : 10600 (Junpei’s basic stat : 9655)

Equipments

Main : Magic Beast’s Canine (Mythological Class)

※Infused with God Killer attribute

Sub : S&W M57 Forty-one caliber Magnum (National Treasure Class)

※Bullets replenished using magic powers. No strengthening

Armor : Sword Saint’s Light Armor (Rare : Rank S)

※Defense Power +145 / Attack Power +45

Shield : Aegis’ Shield (Legendary Class)

※Defense Power +250 / Evasion Efficiency + 300

Mantle : Cloak of Evasion (Rare : Rank A)

※Passive that increases the basic Evasion Efficiency to 1.5 times

Shoes : Tenma no Tabi (National Treasure Class)

※Defense Power + 30 / Evasion Efficiency + 245

Skill (Skill Slot: 5 Remaining)

Appraisal Eyes (Super-Class)

Trash Box (Ultimate)



———————————————————————————————-

All Status Ailments Resistance

Butcher (Super-Class)

Monster Tame (Beginner Class)

Mimicry (Super-Class)

Acceleration (Special)



· Rise of the Herculean (Heroic-Class) / +650 Attack Power

· Explosive Strong Body (Master-Class) / +350 Attack Power and Defense Power

· Idaten (Job) / +75% Evasion Efficiency

Throwing (Master-Class)



· Limit Cut (Super-Class) / +750 Attack Power and Defense Power

· The Art of the Knife-wielder (Heroic-Class) / 3x Attack Power for equipped knives

· Ten Thousand Darts (Heroic-Class) / A party trick that would surprise anyone

· Physical Laws Intervention Authority (Special) / All Status + 500. 脊ﾔQPﾐﾖ番待・・Ａ瓲ﾄMﾄ%%ﾁｵﾀ牘ｦｼｸﾂ漑・ﾈﾉｨ規。

Attributes

Undead King

※Changing Body Composition. Just like an undead, its body fluid, blood, and, meat would become a very strong neurotoxin.

Tamed Monsters

Pure Slime

Pandemic Slime

Sand Slime





Epilogue - Sakaguchi Sisters


And just like thatーーthe B-Rank Selection Examination has ended.

As the result of the situation reaching to the point that the regional adventurer’s guild was destroyed, Junpei and Ami were subjected to a substantial investigation by a big shot from the Central.

And in the end, the incident was put on an end making it that Judy and the ruffian with abnormal strength both died after a duel.

Although it is different from the truth, under the situation where there was almost none that survived in the venue, the two’s testimony was the only answer with consistency, so the investigator could only be convinced with that.

And with this and that, Junpei and Ami are now officially B-Rank adventurers and finished their registration.

They received the proof of identities that was made and immediately went to buy things that are needed for traveling.

「Junpei?」

「What?」

「What are you going to do from now on?」

「Probably……a journey without a destination. We’re parting here」

Ami made a dumbfounded expression.

「Parting? Why?」

「What do you mean by why……? You have things that you need to do right?」

「No, that’s why I’m saying……why?」

「Eh?」

With a blushing face, Ami asked Junpei.

「……we’re……lovers, right?」

「……」

「……」

Ami looked at Junpei with a condemning gaze.

Junpei could not help but open his mouth.

「Yeah, well, that’s……」

「If so」

「If so?」

「Aren’t you terrible?」

「What do you mean?」

Ami grabbed Junpei’s collar and glared at him.

「We’re parting suddenly, right?」

「……」

「……」

「But, both of us have things that we must do. You need to meet your little sister, and I need to go to the royal capital and become an A-Rank Adventurer」

「Those things, they can be done at the same time right?」

「?」

「Achievements are needed to become A-Rank. If so, you can just take quests while traveling right? And It should be possible report the results of Regional Quests in the guilds in neighboring towns」

「……is that true?」

Ami rolled her eyes and smiled.

「Compared to your unbelievable strength……you really have no common knowledge huh?」

「I’m quite aware of that」

「I think it’s quite cute that you admit it honestly you know?」

Junpei was instantly flushed red and looked away from Ami.

「And so, what do you mean in the end? What do you want me to do so you’re satisfied?」

「I’m, going to meet my little sister. And also, I need to give thanks to the old couple that took care of us sisters since we were sent to this world. And……I want Junpei, to go with me in that journey」

Junpei thought for a while.

And after some thoughts, he shook his head.

「……I can’t do that」

「Why?」

「It’s because it’s you that I’m going to say this. I’m, in half a year……no, in five months……I would need to go to a faraway place. I cannot bring you there, and I would probably die 100%. That’s why……I can’t stay with you any longer」

「Why, what do you mean?」

「I can’t fall for you any more than this. Only regrets would remain」

Ami who heard that smiled happily and hugged Junpei burying her face into his chest.

「……I’m so happy」

「Eh?」

「And also……it’s fine like that」

「……eh?」

「I’m saying……even if it’s only five months, I’m alright with it」

Ami pursed her lips and pressed them to Junpei’s.

Their tongues entwined and exchanged fluids.

After a few minutes of embrace, Ami’s lips parted with Junpei’s and looked into his eyes.

「I’m saying……I want to be with you, even if it’s a little longer, you know?」

“I can’t……I’m no match for her.” Junpei thought.

ーーahh……damnit……I’m really, no match for her.

「……alright. However, as long as it’s not on the way of my goal okay?」

“Un”, Ami nodded and said.

「I also want to introduce Junpei to my little sister……Nazuna……too. I’ll behave and won’t trouble you that much」

Junpei’s expression clouded after hearing that name.

The dreams and reality within the labyrinthーーthe name of the girl that he met there was also, Sakaguchi Nazuna.

「I might have asked you this so many times but, how old is your little sister?」

「She’s 13 this year」

That’s right, ‘her’ age and appearance is different from Ami’s little sister Sakagami Nazuna.

“If, so……”, Junpei tilted his head.

The girl that Junpei met many times, wearing a sailor uniform and carries a katana with her.

That sixteen to seventeen years old black haired girl that looks very similar to Ami……who is she really?

ーー”this makes me more confused”, Junpei shrugged his shoulders.





