LV999 Villager





Volume 1





Author: Hoshitsuki Kitten

Illustrator: ?





Translate: Xant & Minions

Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

LV999 Villager

Prologue

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!”

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 2

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 3

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 4

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 5

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 6

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 7

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 8

The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 9





Prologue


“Today’s earnings is…800 Silver? I wonder if this is a strange amount around here?”

Kagami muttered while inside the forest outskirts of the town, holding a bag of gold the size of two clenched fists.

At the same time, he noticed that he had been fighting monsters until dusk without eating a meal. He decided to take a break, dropping his sword near a tree and sitting down with his back against the stump.

Although he felt tired, when he imagined how he would spend the money he had earned, his heart nearly burst with joy.

Using the money he had saved until now, he could hire an exclusive housemaid or manage a casino. He could also become an entertainer, or something more extravagant. Ordinary people would end up having to use their money for emergencies and wouldn’t be able to save up such a dangerous sum of money.

Kagami Kouji. He was not from an amazing household; his parents had run a rather ordinary tailor shop and had passed away when he was young, leaving behind a poor orphan.

In the hands of this youth now was…800 Silver. The amount was about half of what one would make as a tailor in a year, and he had obtained it in just one day. He sat on top of the stump, holding the bag of gold coins in confusion.

Of course, he didn’t own just the 800 Silver in his hands. He had managed to amass 5480 Gold, and in this world, where it was said that an ordinary person would use an average of 50 Gold in their lifetime, he possessed a massive fortune.

If Kagami, a boy who had come from a normal tailor shop, said that he was a rich person, one could only say “It is a life worth living.” (Xant: aka jealousy)

Kagami had noticed that when you defeated the monsters living in this world, you were able to obtain money. The world had expanded with the birth of the concept “Status”, and monsters were said to have spawned at the same time. Although the reason for this was unknown, this situation was seen as normal.

You obtain money from defeating monster, and if the city issues a specific monster subjugation request, you can get even more as a bonus.

This was something Kagami had realized when he was two years old.

He had, by chance, met a few of the weakest and most famous monsters, Green Slimes, that had entered the village.

Kagami had known that monsters were a dangerous existence and had earnestly thrown sticks and stones that he picked up from the ground around him. This way, without directly fighting them, he defeated the Green Slimes uninjured.

At the same time he obtained 80 Bronze, one of the currencies of this world.

Gold, Silver, and Bronze. 1 Gold was worth 1000 Silver, and 1 Silver was worth 1000 Bronze.

80 Bronze was the amount that Kagami received from his parents once a week, and was enough to buy roughly two pieces of candy for him to eat.

Obviously, this was a not lot of money. However, even though the candy was cheap, it was the food that Kagami valued the most, so the 80 Bronze that could buy him two pieces was seen as a large amount.

This caused Kagami to think that earning money was “easy-peasy.”

However, earning money from fighting monsters was equal to courting death.

“Papaaaaaa!”

“My…Sonnnnnn!”

In fact, there were lots of people who got killed by monsters.

The people who were killed by Green Slimes, which were said to be the weakest, were probably the most numerous.

In fact, Kagami had just passed by a parent and a child who looked like they would be killed by Green Slimes.

Although Kagami had, from the beginning, defeated them by throwing things, if he had hit them with his bare hands he would have certainly been killed.

Even if they were said to be the weakest, monsters were a dangerous existence and there was always a possibility of death.

Green Slimes used poison. What would happen if they attacked in numbers? It would surely become a threatening situation.

As Kagami watched the parent and child pair, he noticed that they did not seem to have much fighting experience.

If one had fighting experience, their posture wouldn’t be so stiff. It was obvious the parent had grown up without fighting any monsters until now.

That wasn’t very strange. In this world, it was normal to live without meeting monsters. Without experience, the possibility of dying was extremely high.

At any rate, if the situation didn’t change, the parent and child pair would be killed by the attacking Green Slimes.

They would first receive a heavy blow, as if struck by an iron ball, and then be killed by poison.

However, this was only the case if you were Level 1.

A person’s Level is the numerical growth value given to them by the God of this world. The value is proportional to the person’s physical ability and it is possible to get convenient things like skills and magic, depending on the person’s living environment. Some people could even receive Roles, given by God.

As for the Green Slime’s attacks that would feel like the impact of an iron ball, someone who was Level 5 would only feel like they had been hit by a snowball. However, since the possibility of the parent and child pair being that Level was low, Kagami swiftly attacked the Green Slimes.

There were 8 roles that were capable of being called a Role: Warrior, Martial Artist, Priest, Magician, Thief, Merchant, Hunter, and Shaman. The three Roles that had a special power said to come from a Divine Revelation were: Royalty(王族), Heroes(勇者), and Sages(賢者).

Finally, the role with the largest population. They were weak and devoted themselves to developing their towns through Agriculture and Inns…the Villager.

For Villagers, who didn’t have the power to fight, trying to live on monster subjugations was equivalent to suicide. Those who gained combat experience through such suicidal behavior were nearly nonexistent, and standard Villagers ranged from Levels 1 to 4.

Whether or not they gained experience or lived normally, Level 10 was the limit for Villagers.

Even if the parent’s level was higher, they would be killed because they didn’t know how to fight.

Kagami, who recognized this immediately, picked a small, round booger from his nose and flicked it.

Immediately afterwards, the Green Slimes were suddenly crushed to death. (TN: from a booger, yep)

The parent and child pair gaped in shock at the baffling phenomenon. They continued to watch, dumfounded, as the chunks of slime split apart and 80 Bronze appeared and fell to the floor from the defeated Green Slimes.

“Iyo- Were you fine? Are you ok? Yes, you’re fine.”

Kagami casually walked up to the parent-child pair while scratching his short, black hair. He did not look like a cool 20-year old who was skillful or attractive. Instead, he looked rather weak and seemed like the perfect example of a typical Villager.

“Th-this…Did you defeat it for us? How on earth did you do it?”

“Even though I only flung a booger at it?”

Kagami began picking up the fallen 80 Bronze while saying something that was impossible to understand. The parent-child pair had the same thought, while breaking into a cold sweat. “Bo…Booger?”

Was this young man strong enough to flick away the booger with that much power? Or was the booger unexpectedly dangerous? After witnessing such an insane scene happen in front of them, the parent-child pair considered their thoughts to be too trivial.

“Hey, boy. Take this.”

Kagami passed the 80 Bronze he had picked up to the young boy.

“The one who defeats the Green Slimes is the one who obtains the 80 Bronze too, right? Isn’t it amazing?”

“Eh…No, I don’t think so at all.”

“Yes, you are the definition of failing at life.”

After Kagami responded to the young boy, who had already associated Green Slimes with fear, he began walking back towards the town.

The parent-child pair watched his figure from behind and rose with surprise when they looked at Kagami’s Status Window.

It is possible for an individual to freely configure what information is shown on their Status Window.

Basically, parameters were displayed on the Status Window, and it was possible to figure out someone’s weaknesses from it. There were also many who displayed everything to the public to show off their strength.

However, the only information that Kagami had opened to the public was his Level and the Role given to by God.

Normally, there would have been nothing surprising about showing only these two pieces of information.

Even so, the parent-child pair stared at it, with their jaws wide open and their eyes bulging out of their sockets.

Kagami Kouji

Role: Villager

Lv: 999





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!”


Clear Earth, a world of magic and swords. In this world, death was tied to the concept of HP.

The rules were very simple.

If your HP dropped to 0, you died. If there was even 1 HP remaining, you would survive, although you would suffer from a serious injury.

However, the concept of HP wasn’t the same as it was in a game. It was only there to reflect a person’s health.

For example, hurting someone by flicking their forehead dozens of times wouldn’t reduce their HP.

Essentially, HP would only drop when you took any substantial damage.

Kagami had heard from his mother that long ago, the Great Magician had wanted to display the Status of people’s abilities. Over time though, it started to represent a person’s identity and worth, eventually becoming a tool to manipulate people.

To Kagami, however, such things were trivial.

The idea of being discovered lying down in your house leisurely, going to the opposite side of the world instantly with a incomprehensible vehicle called an airplane, or strengthening your body by doing push ups and running were now just stories from the era of legends.

Now that he was living in this world where nobody knew him, Kagami had properly recognized this world as his reality.

Rather, Kagami had concluded that this world was great.

Kagami said something similar to a catch phrase: “This era is the best.”

If he had been born back in the era of legends, he would definitely have become the legendary 【Neet】, who had been said to be good at doing nothing.

“Uooooh! Amazing, this guy is amazing! With this, it’s 48 wins!?”

Such a reality had been enjoyed to the fullest.

This was Kagami.

Ninety percent of the gold in this world was used on entertainment.

Kagami had known this since he was young.

Thus, Kagami had decided to become stronger, in order to obtain gold.

However, at the same time, Kagami had known of his own weaknesses.

Villagers only have a limited amount of power to fight with.

Even if you struggled to get stronger as a Villager, your Status wouldn’t be nearly as strong as the Status of a person that possessed a role that was worthy of being called a Role.

However, this only applied when the people being compared were on the same Level.

If you just raised your Level, even Villagers could obtain enough power to pierce Green Slimes with boogers.

That was why Kagami had earnestly continued to defeat Green Slimes with long range attacks until his Level increased. In his first battle, he had noticed that he could defeat them without taking any damage if he played chicken and only used long range attacks.

As his Level rose, he would continuously move on to monsters that dropped larger amounts of gold. He had lost plenty of sleep during those twenty years, due to relentlessly killing monsters as if he were possessed.

As a result, Kagami had reached Level 999.

Now, Kagami could fool around in those entertainment sites; venues from legendary eras of the past. In present times, Game Centers had become Holy Lands where only millionaires could play due to the high costs of energy consumption.

“That guy, who on earth is he…?”

“Who knows, but seeing that speedrun of his, he probably comes here quite often.Even if he has a capable role and subjugates monsters, he wouldn’t have that much money to spend. I wonder what prosperous merchant family he comes from?”

Fundamentally, the role in one’s Status was not available for the general public to see. When two people conversed on equal terms, Level and Status became essential for distinction. It was said to be a breach of mannerisms to claim that one method of comparison was superior another. As an example, in the past it was often said that Villagers couldn’t fight even if they bought weapons.

Therefore, the public only needed to know a person’s Role when they requested a mercenary to accompany them in business or to formal meetings and appointments.

However, even Kagami had been hiding his Role. The reason was simple. The role of the Villager was thoroughly ridiculed. However, it would be a violation of mannerisms to be revealed as one. Since it was troublesome, it wasn’t shown to the public. The answer was to have money. As long as you had money, you would become known even if your role was hidden.

“Excuse me,.. You guys look like you aren’t just watching. Let’s compete. Zeze.”

Kagami’s playfulness, which seemed to be for fun, was actually due to his hunger for competition.

“Do-don’t be ridiculous! It’s not like we can play a game where the average merchant can normally bet 100 silver! We’re just talking together because we’re on a break from work right now!”

After the conversation, Kagami left the Game Center. It was foolish to play with 100 Silver, since there was no benefit for the people who just played normally. It was possible to stay at a high-class inn for five nights with that much money.

Kagami liked playing games. There was also the minimum amount of money needed to play. He was doing everything that he thought was fun, and, of course, gambling was also a favorite.

This was because Kagami, who had reached Level 999, had grown bored of earning gold.

Earning gold was not fun. It was often said that it might be good to have a job in order to be able to do fun things.

The average amount of gold obtained in a person’s life was 50 gold. Kagami currently held a little bit more than 5480 gold. Frankly speaking, there wasn’t really a point in earning anymore. There was a limit to how much land someone could buy, and people were restricted to owning a maximum of two buildings in the residential areas of the Imperial City.

Even then, Kagami, who was constantly chasing after monster subjugation quests, did not have a residence. He had considered hiring an exclusive house-maid, but since it would have been bad to drag someone around, he decided against it. As for casino management, although he would probably obtain money faster than if he kept defeating monsters, he had reached the conclusion that beating monsters was much more enjoyable.

Even while searching for another hobby, Kagami continued to earn gold.

If Kagami was asked if there was something he wanted, he would probably answer “No”, but he did have another reason for making money.

“…4515 gold now, huh? It’s still far away.”

After he left the Game Center that he had visited on a whim, Kagami went to the quest issuing Guild’s window, which had been his original goal.

The Adventurer Guild was a recognized organization that issued quests for monster subjugation on behalf of the Imperial Capital, which controlled the politics and industry of the country.

The Guild paid compensation for completing their quests. Kagami had spent the week defeating monsters and completing quest after quest, earning a total of 5 gold, which was a lot of money.

Although 5 gold was a lot of money, it was not rare for there to be people holding that much inside the Guild. Even people who only had physical strength could diligently subjugate monsters.

Normally, Kagami would carry his bag of gold coins as if he were trying to hide it, but here he could carry it without worry.

Strong warriors were walking back and forth as they admired the newly issued quest that had been put onto the board, while groaning men quickly walked by behind them.

Kagami took the displayed parchment to the Guild’s window and then left.

This parchment was the Kingdom’s request for Adventurers. In addition to the request’s goal, the product list recorded items, weapons, and armor that could not be obtained normally.

Although you had to buy them with money, it was well worth it. Among these items were potions that could be bought anywhere, and equipment that contained unique magical powers.

The Kingdom handled a wide variety of goods, which included limited-edition furniture from the best districts in town, somewhat dangerous toys, pets, exclusive maids and butlers purchasable from nobles, and even rights to slaves. However, these maids and butlers varied in prices as they differed in values. Generally, maids started at 20 gold while butlers at 50 gold. However, their price changed depending on their place of origin. If they came from the best areas in the district, they would cost up to 1000 gold, while being sold by nobles further increased their value to 2000 gold.

Items worth 5000 gold included unbreakable and treasured legendary swords that were said to be able to cut through any object, though there was no one who had bought an item for such a high price.

Above that were 6000, 7000, 8000, and 9000 gold legendary class goods, although he had never heard of someone wanting to buy them.

The reason was obvious. Such equipment was unnecessary. Even if you bought it, it didn’t mean that you would defeat the Demon King with it. Would anyone putting their life on the line for the sake of their world buy such things for that much money?

People who were that stupid didn’t exist.

However, there was one such idiot.

That person was Kagami.

Kagami’s goal was to buy something that was priced at 10000 gold. Well, what was it? He didn’t know what it would be. It had been declared to be an item that a Kingdom had never seen, in exchange for 10000 gold.

【10000 Gold???????】

No one had ever seen a person obtain this item. They were apparently called Unknown Products. This 【Something】, was equivalent to paying 200 times a person’s lifetime earnings. Nobody had tried to obtain it because they didn’t know what it was.

Kagami had been put here to enjoy life to the fullest. It was a completely unknown item that nobody had managed to obtain. There were no other products that could make his heart dance this much. If anyone were to get an unobtainable legend, only that person would know of it’s true form.

The exhilarating sense of superiority felt after obtaining such items, coupled with the image of greatness, became the driving force for Kagami to earn gold.

However, although this was Kagami’s final goal, it did not mean that he was in a rush to obtain it. He wasted money at his own pace, even as he steadily amassed the required amount of gold.

“Today is…over there. It’s sushi.”

He was also trying to splendidly spend the 5 Gold he had earned today.

Despite the fact that he had only been able to consistently earn one silver until recently, Kagami couldn’t forget the flavor of high-grade sushi. As he walked in the middle of the street, he drooled like an idiot as he imagined the taste of it.

This town was located southwest of the Imperial City, which was in the center of the world. It was said to be the eighth biggest town relative to the Imperial City. Its location near the sea caused many peddlers, traders, and traveling merchants to gather in order to purchase or sell rare goods. They were followed by people who were involved with monster subjugations, ranging from the members of the guild to mercenaries and even adventurers.

Although it had a much lower population, the town called Balman was just as vibrant as the Imperial City.

Even though Kagami did not have a base here, he often visited this town. It was because there were many interesting things here that attracted many people. The Game Center was one of those things.

“Haah-, as I thought, the town square is over there. Interesting.”

Kagami muttered while licking the ice cream that had captivated him on the way to the restaurant.

Recruiters often recruited party members, such as Guild members and skillful Adventurers, at the town square in order to complete quests. They often delivered speeches at Villas.

There were people attempting to recruit party members here and there, but today was slightly different.

An abnormal crowd of people were surrounding the lectern in the center of the Square.

“Gentlemen, don’t you want to change this world? Leaving your mark eternally in history…Don’t you want to become a legendary hero? That’s what I think! And…I want to release this world from suffering!”

“Uooooooooooooh!”

“Why don’t Monsters disappear? Why isn’t the Imperial City issuing quests? Even if you move from town to town, won’t you only be hired as mercenaries?”

“Uooooooooooooh!”

“Why must children…hold swords from an early age? Why do they have to rely on strong people? It’s because there are Monsters!”

A blond, friendly, and handsome youth, who wore a circlet decorated in jewelry, stood at the lectern.

He was well-dressed and wore a Protector that covered his vital areas, as well as elegant white clothes and a cloak that was neat, even though it should have been dirty.

Although the youth didn’t look strong with such clothes, he was hotheadedly saying things to the Adventurers.

By all rights it would be natural that people who couldn’t judge his power would consider him weak after seeing his tidiness, but this man was an exception. A Status Window was displayed next to the man, showing the Role 【Hero】clearly written there.

It was the Role that was called the rarest of the rare, since there were so few of them in the world. Few people were lucky enough to meet one, so almost no one ignored the speech, instead crowding around him.

“Shut up, you’re troubling the neighborhood.”

This was Kagami’s first thought after meeting such a rare entity.

While it was good to give speeches and it was interesting since heroes were so rare, the people in the neighborhood should be considered as well. This was what Kagami thought as he reminisced about an abnormally loud old man who had lived in the neighborhood in the past.

“The one controlling the monsters is the Demon King! That’s right, if you don’t defeat the Demon King, who is the root of all evil, peace will never come! In order to defeat the Demon King, I’m recruiting people who are confident in being able to fight together!”

“Uooooooooooooh!”

“Follow me! It’s such a rare chance!”

The tough men in the Square grew excited. There hadn’t been anyone who had managed to defeat the Demon King yet. However, there had been those who had barely managed to reach the Demon King’s castle, and there were parties that had even managed to corner him. These parties always had someone who held the Role of Hero, which was the reason for the excitement.

With the possibility of one’s accomplishments going down in history, they all jumped at the chance to help the Hero.

“Hah…so sexy, a chance to go down in history. Moreover, wouldn’t it be a pleasure to go on a trip with such a beauty?”

“And it’s not just that. Look at that lady’s Role, she’s a Sage right? Their party doesn’t just have Heroes, but also Sages. If that’s the case, then perhaps this time we will be able to succeed in subjugating the Demon King.”

There was a woman standing, in a cowering position, next to the beautiful blond youth on the lectern. She had long, indigo hair and the bulge of her chest was large enough to be seen through her shirt. She was a stylish and slender woman who was shorter than the hero and looked somewhat innocent. It could be seen that she was still young enough to be called a girl.

Although she looked as if she wanted to sleep, she had a beauty that would cause people to turn around and stare if she walked through the town. The Sage was wearing many robes that were still able to expose her skin’s whiteness and a miniskirt which prioritized ease of movement. There was no reason for a healthy male to not be enthusiastic.

“Although, weren’t there Sages and Heroes who partied with each other in the past? Despite this, the Demon King remained undefeated and his strength has gone down in history. He was so powerful that he was known in legends as a fierce monster.”

“Idiot, a party isn’t perfect just because it has Heroes and Sages. Weren’t the other allies weak? In fact, wasn’t there a party that had made it to the Demon King’s castle even though they didn’t have any Heroes and Sages?”

One of the brawny warriors muttered something like “I’m only a strong man,” and laughed loudly.

In fact, although one didn’t require a Hero to reach the Demon Lord’s castle, a party without one would be seen as a group who fought dirty to get where they were.

This was the reason that Heroes and Sages would eventually end up placed into a party to go against the Demon King.

“Oi, Hero-sama! I’m 25 years old, and after doing monster subjugations, I have confidence in beating the crap out of monsters! How’s that? Won’t you take me?”

The big man who said this raised his hand straight up into the air.

The Hero who had been standing on the lectern directed his line of sight to the Role that the man displayed.

“…Warrior huh? Fumu. What Level?”

“Hehe, listen and be surprised…it’s 86! I absolutely won’t become a burden!”

The big warrior proudly opened and showed his Status Window as he said this. The surrounding people who were gathered in the Square raised their voices in praise with an “Ooh-”.

“86 is…no good. Next.”

“H-hey! Don’t screw around with me! Why did you say that it’s no good!”

Everyone gathered in the Square raised a voice in question at the way that the Hero had cut off the man with a single blow. Actually, the rejected big man cried out out so loudly that they couldn’t understand it.

“You’re no Warrior…If we’re talking about close combat here, then that’s my Role. You wouldn’t be able to do more work than me, so I can’t take you into the party.”

As the Hero said this, he opened and showed his own Status Screen.

The number 90 was clearly displayed beside the Level.

When the Warrior man saw this, he was at a loss for words.

“Although I don’t know what kind of life you’ve come from, I also had the resolution to get to this point. If someone who has a Role that specializes in close combat wants to go with me, they have to be at least Level 100.”

Many people raised a heartbroken voice at this declaration.

“Wait a minute! What exactly is the Level of the Sage-sama?”

“The woman is Level 42. That’s enough, isn’t it?”

“En-enough you say…! Her Level isn’t even half of mine!”

“She is a Sage. She will definitely become an existence that can support me. She has far more value than you to begin with. Also…she is a princess of this country.”

No one in the Square, with the exception of one person, could hide their surprise. The one person who wasn’t surprised didn’t care.

“She is the third princess of the Imperial City Hexal Doria; a righteous woman who received her fate as a Sage during childhood and has continued to practice since then. If she could defeat the Demon King…If a blood relative of the King were to defeat the Demon King, wouldn’t the world become peaceful at that time?”

The Hero said something that was completely suspicious politically. However, at that point the large Warrior no longer had the energy to retort.

“Also, I’m recruiting up to two people! As it has been publicly announced, we still need to grow. As a matter of convenience, it’s impossible to afford to go on a journey with a big group! I can bet you that we will recruit again at the time of the decisive battle. Those who just want to be invited to slay the Demon King can gather at that time!”

After the declaration, the Adventurers who had gathered began to leave the Square one after another. Half of the remaining people were curious spectators, while the other half were uselessly trying to become members of the party.

By the way, exp could be obtained by defeating enemies. The value of exp dropped as the Level rose, but it would eventually make one stronger, and if you formed a party, it would be evenly distributed to each member.

It was more akin to being invited to a battle, rather than a party. Therefore, it was necessary for a party to have four people. As for formidable enemies, if one only wanted to defeat it, it was best to attack it with a large number of people.

“We-well take me along! I’m a Level 80 Monk!”

As the next person, a middle-aged, bearded, and slender man, introduced himself, he opened his Status Window.

“Nope, next please.”

“Wh-why!”

“The possibility of this becoming a long trip is high, and I do not know how many years it will take. It will be troubling if your movement suddenly worsens after a few years…and also, your defense is too low.”

The middle-aged Monk fell onto his knees, mutter “N-No way.” Even within roles and Roles, the Status wasn’t necessarily equal. A slight change in Status could be caused by one’s living environment, training that didn’t generate exp, or even eating habits. Skills and Magic had to be remembered too, so even if it was the same Level Monk, there would be a difference.

Kagami thought that if the Hero had managed to see that much, he would have to be considerably skilled.

“Well then, how about me! I’m a Level 73 Monk and I’m 20 years old!”

“No good, next.”

This time a slender young Monk introduced himself and, once again, was immediately refused, causing Kagami to change his mind about the Hero.

“Wh-why not!”

“You don’t have the goal of getting stronger in the future. Sorry, but give up.”

Honestly speaking, being able to see through them to that extent was normally impossible. Rather, it was impossible.

Kagami began to wonder if there was a certain evaluation criteria that this Hero used.

That was…the importance of enjoyment.

“U…Um, how about me? My Level is 50 though…”

The next one to call out was, like the Sage, a very young and small woman who had peagreen hair in pigtails that reached down to her shoulders.

Although it wasn’t like she was very beautiful, she did have big, adorable eyes which released an aura that made men unconsciously want to protect her.

“Fumu…accepted. Come join the party.”

The girl Monk’s expression brightened at the words of the Hero. At the same time, a storm of boos rushed in. Although one of the onlookers listened to reason, it was impossible to only respond to the crowd with the puzzling reason of “Her future is full of promise.”

Although this was only Kagami’s point of view, it was possible that the Hero’s role wasn’t actually suited for close combat and he would probably welcome others into the party if their Level was higher than 40.

However, that only applied to women.

The enjoyment the hero was planning to have was that of a fun harem trip as he was surrounded by beauties. Then he could obtain honor by subduing the Demon King. This was probably the most accurate conclusion. That’s right, the Hero was a pervert.

“Yes, ye–s! Woah, what about me! I’ll be helpful!”

As a trial test, Kagami raised his hand and only displayed his Role.

“A Villager? Ha… perhaps you’re raising your hand in order to get closer to the Princess and me without even understanding your own position? Next. We only have room for one more person.”

Sure enough, the Hero completely cut him off without even looking at his Status.

Normally, even if someone who had the standing of a Villager raised their hand, you would still look at their Status, but the Hero didn’t even try to see it. At this point, it was utterly hopeless for him as a person.

Unless he was extremely strong, he would probably not be welcomed into the party.

Kagami lost all interest in the Hero who was overflowing with a teenager’s lust and walked away from the area as the Hero chose a voluptuous woman who held the Role of Magician.





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 2


The quest that Kagami received from the Guild was to subjugate 30 Blue Devils in the dungeon called,【The Ancient Cave】.

Many monsters could be found in the area surrounding the Dungeon, but the stronger ones were located inside. This was because the monsters outside were born naturally, while the monsters inside were formed through the Dungeon’s miasma.

In other words, their strength was determined by the Dungeon’s miasma.

The Dungeon would continue creating monsters even after reaching full capacity, causing some of the monsters to leave the Dungeon.

This was the reason why the Imperial City had issued this quest.

It was possible that one would encounter Blue Devils in the forest, on the way to the Ancient Cave.

If that happened, it would be extremely dangerous for Peddlers.

The Ancient Cave was a dungeon with a high risk of death for any party without at least four Level 70 Adventurers. Blue Devils normally stayed in the Dungeon, but if even one of them were to leave the Dungeon, it would become dangerous enough that low level Adventurers get chills simply from understanding why the quest had been issued.

“One Blue Devil drops 34 silver…so 30 of them means a total of 1020 silver. Completing the quest is 1 gold huh…easy money! I say today will be cake…no, crab! This Kagami has chosen crab today.”

However, this was only good news for Kagami. He wasn’t satisfied with just cake and had wanted to try eating crab. For Kagami, Blue Devils were as threatening as a dog and about as dangerous as Green Slimes would be for Warriors. Not only were they at the level of a dog, they were as threatening as a small dog like a Pomeranian.

“Gigiiiieeegyaaaaaa!” (Xant: we’re approaching black knight sfx here)

So, with the strong desire to fill up his piggy bank, Kagami hunted the Blue Devils. Even though normal people wouldn’t want to encounter them, Kagami had degraded himself to the point that he hoped that they would appear quickly. Regardless of this fact, Kagami showed the true difference in ability between him and the Blue Devils.

When the Blue Devils appeared, they would screech in a voice that made one’s hair stand on end. It was normal to see Kagami change directions and head towards the agonizing screams.

“Th-this is a r-rare drop! If I sell it, it would go for 700 silver…it’s decided, Black Beef it is.”

When monsters were killed, they could drop items in addition to gold. They were popularly named as Drop Items. These monster-specific items, often known as Rare Drops, scarcely turned up.

“A Blue Devil’s horn? Even though it looks like this, it’s surprisingly valuable, huh?”

As Kagami muttered, he confirmed the amount that had been automatically added to the quest form.

“15 remaining…? Although it’s easy to defeat them, finding them is such a pain.”

Kagami grumbled as he walked inside the Dungeon, which looked like gloomy ruins formed from earth and rubble.

Kagami could not find any more Blue Devils, to the extent that his surroundings became completely silent. He looked at the inside of the Dungeon with irritation as he took a piss and yawned.

As he walked towards the end of a passage, Kagami saw a person’s silhouette squirming around. The people who visited this Dungeon were rarely in danger. Unless they were a reckless idiot, they would usually be a powerful person, like Kagami.

Speaking of a person’s figure, the only monsters inside this Dungeon that appeared similar to humans would be the Blue Devils.

“The possibility of a group of Blue Devils being here is 99.999%, ooooh!”

Kagami raised his tension and approached the prey that had finally appeared with a dash. As he neared it, he saw the dim shadow of a human come into focus.

The instant he saw the blond hair of the figure in the vanguard, Kagami de-accelerated and swerved to the side of the pathway, wearing an expression that said it was the end of the world.

“A party of heroes?…heroes aren’t really that amazing…it feels about as noteworthy as seeing dog food on the side of the road.”

Kagami began to search the Dungeon while he felt embarrassed for having been in such high spirits. It was better not to wonder about why this party of Heroes had come to the Ancient Cave.

“Umm…hero-sama, didn’t something approach at a tremendous speed a little while ago?”

The female Monk with peagreen pigtails asked the Hero.

“Hmm? Ah, it was probably the monster that we were scared of and ran away from.”

“Is…that so?”

The Hero said, while holding a Blue Devil scale in one hand. It was a Drop Item that he had obtained through defeating the Blue Devils earlier. He did not need to worry about anything, in contrast to the girl Monk, who worried about the shadow that had disappeared.

“Even so, Rex…was it? Not bad. It’s my first time being able to defeat Blue Devils this easily.”

“Of course, after all, I am a Hero aren’t I? Even if that wasn’t the case, Blue Devils can be easily defeated as long as we have three strong people.”

The glamorous Magician with beautiful, wavy indigo hair said to Rex, impressed, and the blond Hero responded.

“Fighting an opponent of this caliber is a waste of time. Our goal is to defeat the Demon King and bring peace to this world.”

The dignified woman who had made a speech in the Square asserted coldly, as she forced her way in between the Hero and the long, indigo haired woman.

“Oooh, if it isn’t the enthusiastic princess. You had such a different atmosphere a little while ago.”

“Please stop addressing me that way. Right now, we are equal as comrades. I’m no different from a common warrior. As I mentioned earlier, my birthday is in October, and please call me Krul Hexal Doria.

“Since that’s too long, I’ll call you Kuu-chan. It’s fine to call me Palna, without honorifics.”

The tiresome female Magician called herself Palna Viole. For some unknown reason, Krul’s cold expression vanished and she mumbled “…Kuu-chan” while looking slightly happy.

“U-um! Is it also fine if I call you Krul-san? Of course, it doesn’t matter if you don’t use honorifics with me, Tina!”

The female Monk, Tina Beerus, bashfully suggested to Krul as her cheeks flushed red. Krul again nodded her head willingly, as her face lit up with an unhindered smile.

“Yea, this side of Kuu-chan is definitely cute. You should relax more.”

“I-I can’t do such a thing! Since my childhood, my father has been preparing me to subdue the Demon King! This trip isn’t something to enjoy!”

Krul said as she puffed her cheeks and looked away from Palna.

“U-Um…Krul-san, why has your goal been to defeat the Demon King since your childhood?”

When she saw how Krul acted, Tina asked an unexpected question.

Wearing an expression that made it seem as if she had been entrusted with an important mission, Krul slowly opened her mouth to speak.

“Long ago…there were no less than 196 countries. Now, after the appearance of monsters and the Demon King in Clear Earth, only three countries remain. Hexal Doria was once one part of a country called Japan. Do you understand what that means?”

“The size of the areas where people live in have shrunk.”

Krul asked Palna with a strained expression. The subject was common knowledge to all humans and Palna easily answered.

“That’s exactly right. It’s all because of the Demon King, who robbed us of our place to live with his monsters. We have to take it back…we shouldn’t have to live in a world where we are afraid of monsters! It might be surprising but…this was a world that originally didn’t have monsters.”

Krul, who had trained and studied to defeat the Demon King while growing up in the Royal Palace, appeared to know a little about the history of the world. Palna put on an unpleasant smile as her intuition as an older sister told her that this trip would be enjoyable.

“Well, even though I understand that, why is our first destination this Dungeon? Isn’t this in the exact opposite direction of where the Demon King lives?”

“Ah, I know that.”

Rex mentioned this to Palna and Tina, who had glanced at him and asked the question they had been thinking.

Then Rex, who had been examining the wall inside of the Dungeon, glanced at Palna and beckoned her to come over and take a look at the wall.

“Look at this.”

As Rex said so, he pointed to a pattern that emitted a faint, pale orange light inside the dimly lit Dungeon. The pattern was completely covered in dense moss due to the Dungeon having been formed from earth and rubble. Although it would have just been seen as mysterious if there weren’t any monsters, the presence of Blue Devils, which were high level monsters, only made the location induce fear.

“Is there something wrong with this pattern?”

Tina asked, unable to understand the difference between the pattern that Rex pointed at and the other patterns.

“There is a hidden room inside this Dungeon that only the Royal Family knows about. Following this pattern’s path will lead to that place.

When Rex said so, Tina checked the pattern a second time. It did seem to be leading somewhere, and the path that they had passed through until now had been marked with dots.

“Hee, this Dungeon has such a trick. Is there something over there?”

“Something a Hero can only equip if they are over Level 90…a Holy Sword is resting there. Until now, no one has obtained it…there’s no doubt that it’s the strongest weapon.”

Although Palna had thought that something might be there, it was unexpectedly something very important, to the point that she felt a little anxious.

“You say no Hero has obtained it until now…why has the Royal Family been so stingy with such a great weapon? Wouldn’t we have defeated the Demon King if we had it?”

Rex gave a wry smile when he heard the question.

“As you know, although the Role that’s called Hero is rare, it doesn’t mean that only one of them exists. It had probably been left behind for a Hero that came from the Royal Family’s lineage. Maybe they were worried that this Hero would be killed by the Demon King and become unable to continue the Royal line.”

“Well then, why does Rex know this information?”

“I didn’t say? It’s because Krul is this country’s princess. The King didn’t want his cute daughter to be killed, so he graciously taught me.”

Krul wanted to say, “that’s right,” in response to Rex, but decided to only nod instead.

“The subjugation of the Demon King will finally happen this time. A party with Heroes and Sages…why don’t we complete it with the legendary weapon? Nobody had managed to defeat him before because the party hadn’t been completed!”

Regardless of whether or not he believed that he could defeat the Demon King, Rex smiled fearlessly and headed towards the path that was marked by the pattern floating on the wall of the Dungeon.

Krul followed the Hero without a moment’s delay.

“We might have joined a really amazing party, right Palna-san?”

Tina slightly panicked as she thought that the possibility of them subduing the Demon King was higher than they had thought.

“Well, it seems like it will become an interesting trip from here on out. Fufu…let’s enjoy it.”

Palna, who had confirmed that this party would be more interesting than she had imagined, chased after Rex and walked up next to him while smiling.

“Which reminds me, Rex, although everyone decided their nicknames earlier, is it fine to just call you Rex? To begin with, what’s your full name?”

“My name is Rex…just Rex.”

Rex responded and walked toward the end of the passage, as if dodging the question. He did not care about nicknames. The most important thing was to subdue the Demon King so he could get fame and status. While repeating that to himself in his mind, Rex Chickyboy (レックス・チクビボーイ) headed towards the room with the Holy Sword.





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 3


“With this it’s down to 28…Only 2 left?”

About a dozen or so minutes after encountering the Hero’s party, Kagami, who had been surprisingly lucky, nearly subjugated enough Blue Devils to complete the Quest.

Normally, people would prioritize safety on the first day and complete the Quest on the second day, since Blue Devils could be dangerous depending on people’s Levels. However, Kagami had nearly completed it after merely three hours.

Blue Devils were blue skinned creatures with wings that were unusable in the Dungeon. They had abnormally large, red eyes that made them look similar to ermines. They also attacked irregularly by using magic or using the Dungeon’s walls to tackle their opponents and pierce them with their tridents.

Although he encountered other monsters, it took a while before Kagami could find the last two Blue Devils.

In an instant, they changed into Gold and Drop Items, disappearing afterwards.

“Today sure is a lucky day, though I don’t understand why.”

Originally, higher Monster encounter rates usually resulted in a higher chance of death due to the increased danger, but for Kagami, there was only an increase in the chance of gold dropping.

Utilising their incredible speed, the provoked ermines attempted to tackle him from outside his field of view, but they slammed into the ground as if hit by a flyswatter and became gold, which Kagami triumphantly picked up.

“…I have to hurry.”

Kagami suddenly heard a muttering voice nearby.

Looking back through the passage at the crossroad where the voice originated from , at the last moment, he saw a young lady dressed in a tattered, hooded cloak cross the passage.

Although he only saw her for a moment, he came to the conclusion that it was a woman from the red hair that had peeked out of the hooded cloak and the white thighs that he had seen between her knee-high socks and mini-skirt.

Kagami noticed that the height of the figure was only around 130 cm; she was clearly a child. He guessed that she was probably around 10 years old.

“Eh, isn’t it dangerous?”

Kagami hurriedly began to follow the young lady that had disappeared into the passage.

Although Kagami had already been fighting Dungeon Class Monsters at that age, he went through many near death experiences. The abnormally high encounter rate made the situation even more dangerous.

Although he recognized that she must have great abilities to be able to come to this Dungeon, he continued to chase after her.

Moreover, Kagami knew that nobody else had his kind of lifestyle. Still, whether or not it was their own fault, if there was a possibility of death and they weren’t a bad person, Kagami would help them. This was the one policy that Kagami valued more than earning gold.

Although he wouldn’t go on journeys specifically to save people’s lives, he unintentionally accumulated good deeds due to this simple policy of his: 【Don’t abandon people who are dying right in front of my eyes】.

Still, while Kagami would save people in front of him, he wouldn’t do it at the expense of his own life. Never get involved with things unknown. A coldhearted policy that was also as friendly as it could be.

“Hold up, wait! The girl over there! This Dungeon is far more dangerous than you might think! STOP!”

Kagami shouted at the girl immediately after catching up, but she didn’t try to stop at all.

Since she had definitely noticed Kagami, it was obvious that she was deliberately continuing. Kagami, even if confused, wouldn’t hesitate to protect her from harm, whether or not she was strong enough to not require any help.

Of course, it would normally be very suspicious for a young man wearing rough clothes that offered no protection to challenge the Dungeon, since it was dangerous. There were also Monsters that mingled with human society, although maybe that was foolish of them since they tended to act strangely. In fact, the girl who was running from Kagami looked back at him with doubt in her eyes.

“Ahead! Look ahead of you! There are Monsters!”

Kagami warned the girl, who glanced back at him dubiously.

Three Blue Devils were standing right in front of her and blocking her way. Although Kagami felt relieved when she stopped, the girl immediately walked past the three Blue Devils.

“Hey!? Why aren’t you killing these Monsters, child!”





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 4


The three sleeping Blue Devils instantly noticed Kagami’s figure. Since they would begin to swoop down and attack him immediately, he abandoned his thoughts of whether or not she was an illusion.

“Oops…I should pay attention, or else that girl…is she over there?”

Before the three Blue Devils could even approach, Kagami dealt a backhanded blow to the Blue Devil closest to him, slapping it into the Dungeon’s right wall; whilst the girl wondered who this person was.

Then, another Blue Devil immediately tried to attack but Kagami struck it with his fist, sending it into the Dungeon’s left wall. The remaining Blue Devil that tried to attack from the front was blown away by a roundhouse kick to its chest.

All of them were destroyed by a single hit from Kagami, changing into Drop Items and Gold.

“Argh! Damn it! I lost sight of her!”

Kagami seemed to cry out, but he intentionally stopped following the girl and began to pick up the Drop Items and Gold. However, that was not because he gave Drop Items priority over the girl’s safety.

It was because he realized that the girl wasn’t in danger.

Kagami had come to a conclusion as to what the girl was. In this world, there were no humans who didn’t attack monsters.

“There isn’t a settlement nearby so…I wonder what I should do?”

Even though Kagami no longer had a reason to stay because the quest for subjugating 30 Blue Devils was complete…He was genuinely worried about why the girl was in such a place and hurried back to the passage that the girl had faced, following the faint traces of magic remaining in the air.

“Umm…Hero-sama. Somehow…isn’t the number of monsters strangely high?”

“…Indeed. Since not all four of us have exceeded Level 70, continuing to fight would be a little difficult.”

Even though it would be easy to defeat a lone Blue Devil with the high Level 90 Hero Rex’s abilities, it would be more difficult to deal with a large number of them simultaneously. Just defeating them was easy, but it was important for him to protect his low level allies.

If multiple enemies attacked at the same time, Rex would be unable to block all of them and the three backline supporters would be in danger.

“I’ve almost exhausted my body’s magic…I will run out after three, no, four more battles.”

If the party’s formation was disrupted, Krul, who was still Level 42, and her dress would take a lot of damage from just one attack.

Of course, Tina would immediately respond if someone got hurt. She healed her teammates’ wounds by converting her magic power into healing magic. Although Rex was there to receive most of the damage, Krul took some damage due to being in the vanguard.

Tina also received damage because she was continuously using support magic near Rex. Palna was the only one to take no damage at all.

“Palna-san is amazing. You steadily continue to avoid enemy attacks while properly supporting Hero-sama. Someone as slow as me…couldn’t do such a thing.”

Tina said, while looking at Palna with admiration.

“Even though I’m a magician, there are a lot of times where one dives into a dungeon alone, so for this occasion I made it my goal to get used to fighting.”

Palna answered while dusting off her clothes. The dust was a side-effect of her magic, a magic attack that released a void blade.

“I’m also Level 78, but we would have turned back a long time ago if Monk Tina wasn’t here, so you are just as helpful.”

Palna said while facing Tina, who was a head shorter than she was, and rubbed her head without hesitation.

“I-I’m sorry…for becoming a burden.”

Krul said while shrugging her shoulder, clearly impatient and fatigued.

Krul, who was not at the proper level, had raised her level until now while being protected by a party and was not used to combat situations where she was the target of the attacks.

For Krul, who had fought as the only rearguard member with three vanguards, it was the first time she had experienced Monsters approaching her from such a close distance.

Due to her status as a princess and her level of training, she couldn’t be exposed to any danger, causing her to become a significant burden in combat.

“Don’t worry about it. The Princess’s level is lower than ours, so it’s fine if you just get used to it for now.”

“But…thanks to me, it’s become so dangerous that everyone had to keep looking back at me. I have to be more useful or such things will…”

“No, the Princess is already giving it her all. Take a look at this for me.”

As he said this, Rex pointed at the far side of the passage. A light could be seen, unexpectedly glowing in the normally dim Dungeon.

“That light is…in other words, it’s our goal.”

Palna said while smiling, instantly understanding what the unusual light indicated.

“Finally…Even if we encounter monsters later on, we can just run away from them while prioritizing returning to the town. It will be a lot more fun than completely defeating them.”

Tina said after letting out a sigh of relief.

Rex, who had been impatient with the speed it had taken to get here, tottered along as if he had removed some weights and raced as if in a fervor into the room that was emitting light.

“…This is the resting place of the legendary Holy Sword that was passed down by the Royal Family!”

The party had gotten used to the dim light of the Dungeon and reflexively squinted their eyes in response to the white light emitting from the room.

As their eyes gradually got accustomed to the light, they all stared at the room’s strangeness.

It was a wide, empty, dome-shaped room with white light emitting walls, and despite being inside the dungeon, the place had a feeling of divinity.

In the center of this room was a white pedestal that surely had the legendary Holy Sword stuck in it. Standing in front of the pedestal was the figure of an approximately ten year-old girl in a tattered cloak, squirming and rummaging around while obstructing the party’s field of view.

“…Who are you?”





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 5


Rex questioned the girl, who was moving around suspiciously in front of the pedestal.

However, the girl was extremely focused and did not seem to notice the Hero’s presence. Instead, she examined the pedestal in an agitated manner.

“What are you doing?! And who the hell are you?!”

The Hero shouted after he grew impatient with the girl, who had not shown any reaction.

When she finally noticed him, the girl instantly froze and fearfully looked behind her. She had braided red hair, large pupils that were clearly childish in shape, a typical small nose and mouth, and a hostile expression.

She glared at Hero Rex’s party like a cornered animal.

Rather than wondering why a girl was in a place like this, Krul sensed the abnormal magic power the girl gave off.

“Ah…That woman is probably a demon. I think she is the reason why there are more monsters inside the Dungeon.”

As soon as they determined that the woman in front of them was an enemy, the party readied itself for combat.

There were three large tribes in this world; the Humans, the Monsters, and the Demons. Monsters were an existence that spawned in large quantities. Although they looked very similar to humans, they carried a huge amount of magic inside them.

As for Demons, their appearance was almost human, but their abilities differed significantly. Their physical strength and intelligence was on par with those of a Hero and a Sage, respectively, going far beyond a normal human’s capabilities.

“What are you doing…in a place like this? Oh, I know! Is your objective the Holy Sword?!”

Rex stepped closer as he spoke, causing the girl to retreat another step. The top of the pedestal came into view, and Rex noticed that there was no Holy Sword stuck inside it.

“You bitch…where have you taken the Holy Sword?”

Demons and Humans were bitter enemies. Powerful weapons that only human Heroes could handle would only be a threat to Demons. Rex readied himself to attack her, believing that she had come to steal the Holy Sword, because powerful weapons that only human Heroes could handle would pose a threat to the Demons. Therefore, it was natural for Rex to target her. However, moral questions such as “Why should I attack such a young Demon girl?” never crossed his mind.

It was common knowledge that Demons were enemies that had to be defeated, even if they were like this girl. Magic emanated from a Demon’s horns, and that magic caused Monsters to spawn, which was inconvenient for Humans.

Demons and Humans had different affinities with magic. However, there was no need for Demons to attack Monsters because Monsters were born from the magic of the Demons and would usually obey them… Of course, Monsters would oppose the Demons if they decided to kill one another, but that would never happen because they weren’t enemies in the first place. This was why Demons received the same treatment as Monsters.

The only purpose Demons had in this world was to be destroyed. Since Demons were born with an abnormal amount of magic, the subjugation of the Demon King, who continued to produce large numbers of Monsters, was the greatest goal of the Humans.

“Answer me! Where is the Holy Sword?! How did you pull it out!”

Holy Swords couldn’t be pulled out if one didn’t have the Role of Hero. Even so, there was no Holy Sword stuck inside the pedestal. There was also no sign of the girl holding the Holy Sword.

“I…am not doing anything. I’m not pulling anything out.”

She muttered an answer while facing the Hero, sweat dripping from her cheek. He let out threatening roar that pierced her eardrums in response.

Even so, there were no signs that she was concealing the Holy Sword on her, nor did she have the stature to completely hide it.

“Rex-sama. What should we do?”

“There’s a high chance that she’s telling a lie… Either way, she’s a Demon. Let’s take her down.”

The moment after saying this, Rex drew his sword and began to focus, causing a pale, white light to start shining from his whole body and cover his sword, making it look like the light was flowing into it.

“Don’t get near her or lower your guard just because she’s still a child. Take her down in one hit with long range attacks.”

Palna and Krul nodded in response to Rex and began to cast their spells.

The moment Rex gave the signal, large blades of ice appeared around Krul and shot towards the girl.

Rex slashed in a straight line towards the girl along with Palna’s blades of wind, releasing a flash of light.

Whether or not they had made a mistake in calling her a Demon, in that moment, before Rex even finished his attack, something flew towards the girl.

It suddenly stopped in front of her and received all of the damage from the party’s attacks.

“You guys…what are you doing, ganging up on someone who’s only a child?”

The collision with Rex’s flash of light caused a tremendous explosion to ring out, along with clouds of smoke.

An alarming voice rang out, ignoring the tense atmosphere. Rex threw a question at the intruder.

“Who are you? Her ally!?”

Rex’s party fell back a few steps, alert to the presence of the person hidden within the smoke.

Immediately after, Palna generated some wind with her magic and cleared away the smoke.

“Who…are you?”

The Hero’s party was bewildered by the strange spectacle. The one who was standing in front of the girl was, without a doubt, a human.

In addition to that, it was a young man who had entered this dangerous, high level dungeon while lightly equipped. No, the plain cloth and leather clothes he was dressed in did not even qualify as light equipment.

He had short black hair and a mediocre face. The man yawned despite the current situation.

“Me? I’m just a villager passing by.”





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 6


“Vill…ager?”

The person’s response distressed Rex, and he had a plethora of questions to ask.

How did he protect himself from their attacks? Why was a villager in such a place? Why was he not equipped with any weapons or armor? Why did he protect the Demon?

Rex could not understand the person in front of him. Why was he picking his nose in this situation? Perhaps he looked down on them? Everyone in the Hero’s party had similar thoughts.

“The Villager from back then!?”

Rex finally remembered that he and the villager had momentarily interacted with each other only a few hours ago. Kagami’s presence had been too weak, and Rex had completely forgotten about him.

“…How did you…?”

“Eh?”

“How did you block our attacks? What did you do? Exactly what kind of item did you use?!”

Why was he here? Rex’s pride ignored the fact that Kagami had protected the Demon. He had let the Villager in front of him shatter his confidence. Rex was in disbelief and could not forgive Kagami.

“An item? Ah…yes, fufu, shall I inform you?”

Rex waited for the answer with a sour face while Kagami smiled sentimentally and picked his nose, as if he was making fun of the Hero.

“The strongest item I used…is my right hand.”

“Your right hand…you say?”

As he spoke, Kagami pulled out a booger and flung it away with a *Pin* sound before putting his finger straight back into his nose.

“Wait, haven’t you only been picking your nose this whole time?”

“Yes, I crushed all of your attacks with this right hand that picks my nose this much.”

“Impossible! With a hand covered in boogers?”

“Hold up, it’s not covered with them, right? Just how much mucus do you think my nose makes?”

Whether or not what they pointed out had hurt him, Kagami took his finger back out of his nose and sighed.

Krul stepped forward in an attempt to calm down Rex, who stared at Kagami angrily.

“Whatever you did, at least you are uninjured. It would have been terrible to kill a regular citizen.”

Krul politely lowered her head. She did not care about how he had protected the Demon. Her priority was to find out why this Villager had protected the Demon, and whether or not he was an enemy.

“That child is a Demon. Did you protect her because you knew this, or did you not know anything? Please tell us.”

“No, this child is not a Demon.”

Kagami replied to Krul’s question, as if to declare that they had misunderstood. Of course, Kagami knew that the girl was a Demon.

He also knew that the Heroes would try to kill the girl because she was a Demon.

“I can feel that girl emitting Demon magic. There is no doubt that it’s a Demon.”

“Ah…she isn’t a Demon. Because she is my little sister.”

Everyone in the hero’s party looked at him when they heard his words. The girl muttered “eh?” in a dubious tone, making the situation even more puzzling.

“Y-your sister? H-however…this magic? Though you do seem to be a Human…”

“It’s this, the horn of the Blue Devil. Don’t you know about its effects? I made my little sister hold it.”

Kagami said as he reached into the girl’s worn out cloak, as if he was going to show them the horn of the Blue Devil that the girl supposedly held.

As long as the Blue Devil’s Horn still held magic, it could prevent Monsters from becoming hostile to the holder. Bottles and wineskins were needed to prevent the magic from dissipating.

However, this magic was the same type as the magic emitted from Demons and would increase the spawn rate of Monsters when used in a dungeon. It was extremely aggravating for any other people who entered the dungeon at the same time.

“I was completing the Blue Devil quest when it just happened to drop, so I made my younger sister hold it. I didn’t bring a bag to store it in but I didn’t want to waste it, so I told her to keep it safe.”

Kagami pulled out the completed 30 Blue Devil quest sheet with magic and showed it to the Hero’s party.

Of course, Kagami had taken the sheet out of his Bag of Holding.

As Kagami talked with the Hero’s party, he glanced around quickly, hoping that the Demon girl’s presence was spawning a large number of Monsters. He evilly thought about how nice it would be if another quest like this one were to be issued.

“A…Villager? And two of them? 30 Blue Devils? I have never heard of this!”

Tina unintentionally raised her voice, surprised that the girl was not a Demon and the Villager had already completed the quest.

“That’s not much of a joke. Are you really a Villager?”

Kagami showed his Status Window’s Role with a wry smile when Palna accused him. Palna muttered “You’re kidding…” when she saw that Villager was indeed written there.

Palna had definitely thought that he was lying when he called himself a Villager. They had never heard of a Villager being able to enter such a high level dungeon, so Tina and Palna could not hide their astonishment when they saw that he was telling the truth.

“The Blue Devil’s Horn effect only lasts for about five minutes…”

Although the party was surprised that a Villager was in such a high level dungeon, even if he had the protection of a Blue Devil’s Horn, they no longer felt uncomfortable, and Krul asked another question.

“Excuse me, may I take your sister’s hood off?”

“That’s a little…well, my little sister is a shy person after all.”

“Why? Won’t we be convinced if you allow us to take a quick look?”

“My sister…if I show her to you, she would go berserk trying to hide her embarrassment. It’s a sickness she has.”

“But…I have never heard of such an illness?”

Kagami never thought that he would be questioned so insistently and he realized that his deception was falling apart. After observing the situation, as if realizing that it couldn’t be hidden any longer, the girl removed her hood on her own.

“H-Hey!”

When she took off her hood, it became clear that the hood had been hiding more than just her head. She had red hair that glittered like a jewel, with a woven pigtail that hung down on the right side of her face. There were two small horns on the back of her head that had grown bent downwards and mixed with her shoulder length hair.

Kagami lightly sighed with an “Acha-” when he saw this.

“Please turn around.”

Krul immediately instructed the girl. The girl turned her back to Krul and exposed a horn growing on the back of her head.

“It’s as I thought…you don’t have an excuse for this, right?”

The girl gave up after seeing Krul prepare her Rod. She felt gratitude toward the Villager youth who had appeared and protected her.

However, excuses could only go so far.

If the excuses went on any longer, they would stop thinking of this Villager as a companion and he would be in danger. She didn’t want that to happen.

“No, look! This horn is…an accessory.”

However, Kagami, who had not give up for some reason, came up with a farfetched excuse and tried to protect the girl.

The girl stared at Kagami, who had not even tried to abandon her even though it had been the perfect opportunity to do so, with round eyes, surprised.

“An accessory? There’s a horn growing on the back of her head no matter how you look at it!”

The Hero’s party grinned at the pathetic excuse.

“No…this, it’s that, on here. I put it onto the back of her head.”

“Y-yes?”

It was painful to just imagine how such an impossible accessory would be attached, and the Hero’s party unintentionally made doubtful expressions and sour faces.

“Lo-look! Such feelings are…I said, ‘Hoi!’”

Kagami grasped the Blue Devil’s Horn and forcibly thrusted it into the side of the pedestal, causing a loud, dull sound to echo in the surrounding.

“Eeeeeh…”

Tina, Palna and Krul backed away from him.

Only Rex was astonished at Kagami’s behaviour, to the point that his eyes were bulging.

This Villager had, with his strength alone, thrusted into and broke the pedestal, which had been made from a highly resilient, special material in order to seal the Holy Sword until the Chosen human took it.

“B-but! Even though animals form such horns, I have never seen any monsters do so!”

Tina’s words were painful for Kagami to hear.

“This…umm…this, after the horn broke once…it was held together with an adhesive, and to improve the horn’s form just now…it was pierced.”

Palna furrowed her brow and uttered “Haa?” in confusion at the words.

Kagami quickly considered the situation and immediately followed up with more words.

“Ah, wrong! Look at this! I gave it to my cousin! I made a mistake! As for my little sister…that’s right! Custom! The horn I attached to her was specially made!”





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 7


Kagami looked like he didn’t care that he had lost the argument as he told the obvious lie to the Hero’s party with a bragging face, brimming with confidence. Krul cutely let out an unintentional laugh. If he was this desperate, it didn’t matter whether the girl was a Demon or not.

“Fufu..Ahahaha! I understand. Let’s leave the topic of the horn alone. Even though there might be a different reason, I won’t ask about it any more.”

Kagami snickered to himself when he heard Krul’s words.

With a heave-ho heave-ho, a mysterious festival attended by many Kagamis started in his mind while crying in his heart, “This is the Power of my excuses!!!!!” (Xant: He uses weird words…imagine opening a stage curtain.)

“However, the Holy Sword is a different matter.”

Rex suddenly shouted seriously, immediately bringing Kagami back to reality.

Rex tolerated Krul’s selfish remark, and after he put the issue of the Villager’s abnormal abilities aside, the only thing remaining was the objective that he had come to this dungeon to fulfill.

“What has your sister been doing here, in this room?”

The girl did not answer the question that Rex threw at her.

What was the girl’s purpose in coming to this room? She definitely wouldn’t talk about her own reasons, and even if she did, it was possible that she wouldn’t be able to direct them to the location of the Holy Sword. She wouldn’t even try to answer them.

The Holy Sword had already been missing when the girl arrived at this room.

Such a thing would normally have to be on the pedestal…Since the Hero’s party appeared but didn’t have the sword, there was nothing to explain its disappearance.

Kagami realized that the girl’s objective had definitely been to destroy the Holy Sword, but he didn’t voice his thoughts.

“I said that my sister got lost and ended up here by chance.”

“This isn’t a place that you can find by accident! Even if it happened, there’s no way that the Holy Sword would disappear at the same time!”

“But it did happen didn’t it? Or rather, who cares if the Holy Sword has disappeared?”

“I…I am the Hero! The Chosen Human! The only one who is allowed to wield the Holy Sword!”

“Eh…sorry. If you’re talking about the sword that was stuck in here, I already found it…and brought it back to town quite a while ago.”

Kagami unintentionally apologized to Rex, who was desperately shouting “I’m a Hero!”.

Everyone there turned and stared at Kagami when they heard his calm words.

Even though they had many things they wanted to ask, no words came out. Even the Demon girl was at a loss for words when she heard remarks that should never have come from a normal Villager.

“You said…the Holy Sword, that was the Royal Family’s heirloom, was brought back?”

Rex asked Kagami, trembling with fear.

“Eh!? The Royal Family?…It was THAT Royal Family? Crap! I took it back and sold it to merchants as fast as I could! It’s probably being sold for a high price at a store right now.”

“S-sold…?”

Rex distantly heard those words and forgot to close his mouth.

Meanwhile, Kagami had remembered that he had sold the sword that used to be here for a high price and thought: “So, it was a sword that was passed down within the Royal Family!”, convincing himself.

“Don’t lie to me! Only those who have the Role of Hero are permitted to wield that Holy Sword, so it must have been sealed by an Ancient Sage’s magic! It would be impossible for you to carry it!”

“Ah…certainly, it was a bit heavy. I think it was about 800 Kilos. Still, I managed to hold it normally? I also pulled it out of the pedestal.”

The atmosphere froze as each member of the party wondered how a human that could mention a weight of 800 Kilos could exist.

“That story…is such bullshit! You Villager…there isn’t any reason for you to be able to hold it, is there!”

“It was certainly heavy. If I used it, it would have been the way I used a normal sword. Even if it’s probably too heavy to use, if I managed to pull it out, wouldn’t it be possible for me to wield it? If you had tried, maybe you would have been able to pull it out as well.”

“What kind of idiotic shit are you…”

“No no, hey now.”

Kagami looked at Rex, who didn’t believe anything he said, and judged that it would be faster for him to show them directly. He slightly lowered his waist and firmly grabbed the edge of the pedestal, looking like he was going to attempt to lift the pedestal with all of his strength.

Tina, Palna, Krul, and the female Demon all thought that it was absolutely impossible.

However, Rex, remembering the absurd way the Blue Devil’s Horn had been thrust into the pedestal earlier, broke out in a cold sweat as he thought that it might be possible.

A few seconds after Rex thought that, cracks began to appear on the ground.

“That’s…impossible.”

Instantly after the cracks formed, they widened and split open, causing a screeching, echoing noise. After the earth shook and a huge bang resounded, Kagami was lifting the pedestal of the Holy Sword, as though he was the embodiment of the Earth’s wrath.

Dust and sand filled the air, and a dull sound resonated from the ground, as if its will had been torn away.

The soil scattered in front of Rex. Kagami, who was standing a bit further away, looked at Rex with a beaming smile.

“Hey?”

Kagami threw away the pedestal as he spoke, and it landed with a thud. After seeing this, everyone was speechless.

This normal Villager had done such an outrageous thing in a composed manner.

All because of a Villager. No Role should be capable of doing such a thing, yet the young Villager in front of them had shown them otherwise.

Fear shot through Rex’s body, underneath his shock. Until now, whether people trained on their own or were familiar with fighting, he had thought that no other humans of his age would match his level.

Rex realized that there was no limit to excellence and his mind snapped. The person that stood before him was the embodiment of a monster.

“L-Level?”

Rex barely managed to squeeze the question out of his mouth.

“999.”

Kagami stopped teasing him and casually displayed his Status Window and his Role.

The displayed description clearly stated,

Role: Villager

Level: 999

Everyone else in the room froze, as if they had turned into statues.





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 8


It was impossible. That number had never been seen before.

Levels rose by one after a person managed to gain 1000 exp.

Fundamentally, the experience for raising a person’s level was gained when that person grew physically and mentally, whether they did special training or just defeated Monsters.

You could quickly gain experience by defeating Monsters, but there was a limit to the amount that you could receive . For example, you could only gain exp from Green Slimes until you hit Level 3, because Green Slimes were Level 3.

Anyone was able to see a Monster’s Level by using 【Spectacle】, a lens-like item that was sold by the Quest Guild.

In order to get exp to raise your Level, you had to defeat Monsters that were at an equal or higher Level.

Your Level wouldn’t rise even if you constantly defeated weak enemies. Also, exp wouldn’t be received if you beat an enemy equal to your Level with someone else’s help.

Just as the name “exp” indicated, it was only a measure of one’s experience. When one was in a party, only the members who contributed to defeating an enemy would obtain a significant amount of exp.

Even though it was possible for Level 1’s to get exp from subjugating Blue Devils while in a Level 70 party, there wasn’t much of a difference from the exp they would gain when defeating Green Slimes on their own.

That was because the exp would only get evenly distributed for the Level 70s in a Level 70 party. Lower leveled members would get much less exp, even if the party fought enemies that were overwhelmingly stronger.

Furthermore, exp was not obtained unless one contributed to the battle.

Although the support class, Monk, could easily obtain exp by supporting their allies, others had to take enemy attacks or damage the enemy to get exp.

Therefore, there weren’t many low Level Adventurers who would take the risk of death and form a party with a high Level Adventurer. There also weren’t many high Level adventurers who would take and willingly share exp with a person that would only be a burden.

There were convoys whose primary purpose was to gather gold and Drop Items without interference. Although some people would level up from saving others from death, most of the members were aiming to get rich from participating.

Regardless of whether one usually formed a party with people at the same Level, it was normal for a Hero-like party to level others in order to complete a special objective.

Also, the Villager was a weak Role. When a Level 3 Warrior and a Level 3 Villager fought, the Warrior would win.

Even when a Level 30 Villager fought a Level 10 Warrior, the Warrior would win. The Villager was weak enough that no one would recruit them, and even if they raised their Level they would be useless.

It was commonly said that Villagers who managed to get gold would save it and then pay someone to Level them because of their weakness. This caused most Villagers to accept that only other Roles could get to higher Levels.

However, the strongest Villager Rex had ever seen before had only been Level 30. Even if they raised their level, Villagers were worthless in a fight.

Although they were equivalent to Level 30 monsters, there was no point in forcing a Villager with weak abilities to fight when there were many other Roles that were far stronger.

Still, the Villager in front of him had a Level value of 999.

“I-…I-…Impossible.”

Rex voiced everyone’s opinion of Kagami while trembling.

Reaching that Level was something that was impossible. Even the Legendary Hero, who had barely managed to reach the Demon King and was once referred to as the Strongest Arriver in History, had only been Level 253.

Yet the man in front of him, who was not only of a similar age but…a Villager, the Role most likely to die, was a higher Level than that Legendary Hero.

It was impossible even if the world had turned upside down.

“How on earth did you do it? What did you do to reach that Level!? And as a Villager! How? Answer…Answer me!”

Rex had completely forgotten about the other matters, including the Holy Sword. Ever since he was five years old, he had been special, and he had thought that he would be the culmination of everyone’s hopes and expectations.

It was a mission that only he could complete. It was impossible for anyone else to do it, so he struggled to become stronger and always fought. However, the man in front of him had revealed a number so high that even he hadn’t been able to reach it, despite his own efforts.

What was it that he couldn’t forgive? Rex could not forgive the reality that a Villager, the most difficult Role to level, had climbed to Level 999 instead of himself, who was given the Role of the Hero.

Instead of being at a disadvantage, he was stronger than Rex. An existence that was much stronger than him would be the pinnacle of the human race, and Rex was unable to accept it.

“Maybe it’s because I’ve been fighting Monsters everyday?”

Kagami replied while yawning, as if the reason was inconsequential. Kagami’s actions irritated Rex, due to his pride.

“If it’s just that, I’ve also done the same thing! Even though you seem to be telling the truth, that number is…impossible.”

“If might be the same if you were just defeating regular Monsters.”

“Just by defeating regular Monsters? Don’t fuck with me! I’ve beaten more Monsters than anyone else and even did special independent training…!”

“Shut it, you damn annoyance! Do things like how I raised my Level or what I’ve done until now even matter? This is reality! No more talking!”

Kagami realized that he couldn’t take his statements back or keep talking even if he had to return to a regular life, so he roared at the Hero and decided to leave.

“Hey, let’s go, little sister.”

“Eh? Eh…ah, yeah.”

The girls in Rex’s party also had many things that they wanted to ask. However, they were unsure if it would be alright for them to say anything and could only watched as Kagami began to leave while pulling the Demon girl’s hand.

“Wait…If you have so much talent, what are you doing? What is your goal in life? If it’s you…I’m sure that you could defeat the Demon King!”

However, for the Hero, this was something that involved his pride and he had to ask for an answer.

“Eh? I’m just living normally and saving up gold…Since the Demon King and things like that don’t matter much to me, I’ll leave it up to the Hero-samas. The present Demon King isn’t really bothering me anyways.”

Kagami answered as if he was rejecting the Hero’s goal in life. For Kagami, the Demon King was beneficial existence that spawned Monsters so that he could make money.

There also wasn’t a good reason for Kagami to subjugate the Demon King. Even if Monsters were a danger to humans, as long as the situation didn’t change, Kagami did not care.

Essentially, 【It doesn’t matter to him, whether he gets defeated or he defeats them.】

“…S-such reasoning!”

Despair, anger, scorn, a sense of defeat, and various other emotions welled up inside of Rex. As strong as he was, he couldn’t do anything against Kagami.

He also had nothing he could say. He had claimed that the reason for his strength was that a Hero’s existence was needed to fight the Demon King, but a Villager had appeared and made him look foolish.

Kagami had stolen the words “Pride is human nature” from Rex.

As Kagami passed Rex, he whispered at a low volume, only loud enough for Rex to be able to hear him:

“You still don’t know this world’s System.”

Rex didn’t understand the meaning of these words. He looked at Kagami, trying to figure out his intentions…and became speechless.

Kagami was wearing a sorrowful expression, as if he was in despair from knowing everything…even though he had claimed to be uninterested. What did he know, and what had made him make such a face?

What did he know to be able to reach his Level?

Rex stopped listening because he was too afraid to know.

“By the way…although the Royal Family is the owner of the Holy Sword…”

Krul asked the question that she considered most important as Kagami tried to leave the room. He stopped and bowed at a 90 degree angle.

“I’m sorry, but I didn’t mean to do that.”

Kagami, who had thought about leaving if things went well, instantly apologized.





The Sprouting Grass Which Declares That “We Are A Party Of Heroes!” Part 9


“Is this…a theft of the Royal Family’s heirloom?”

“No, but…it’s not an exaggeration to say that the sword dropped in the Dungeon.”

“But the Royal Family considers this room to be a secret warehouse.”

Kagami’s forehead began to drip with sweat, as a retort rose up in his thoughts. “Who cares you damn idiot! It wasn’t made inside the Dungeon!”

It was an outrageous crime to steal things from the Royal Family. The Royal Family’s Princess being right in front of him made Kagami feel anxious.

As expected, with a member of the Royal Family in front of him, he couldn’t say, “Don’t put your possessions in a Dungeon like this, where anyone can accidentally enter and take it! It would be safer in the castle!”

“Well…it’s fine if it gets replaced, right?”

“That sword is priceless.”

Shut up! Although I had a merchant appraise it to confirm the price of the item, I idiotically sold that sword for just 300 gold. I feel like crying…

However, Kagami couldn’t protest because he couldn’t afford being labeled as a criminal.

Among the people who served as the Imperial City’s Magicians, there were some who could use magic to brand criminals.

Normally if you killed people or committed other crimes, you would be branded as a criminal and your Status Window would automatically be dyed red. However, people from the Imperial City could testify on your behalf.

On the other hand, if the Imperial Magicians marked the Status Window with a skull and crossbone, you would be denied access to all facilities in the country, be ruined, and chased out of the Imperial City.

People with faded crossbone marks could return to the Imperial City and show that they had atoned, getting a remission displayed on their Status Window. However, this would also cripple that person for life.

For Kagami, whose only goal was to enjoy his life, this was fatal.

“Well…what can I do to have this overlooked?”

Kagami, who was the quickest to respond, looked at Krul and asked her.

“From the beginning, that Holy Sword is the sword that was made to defeat the Demon King.”

“Meaning?”

“Would you like to join our party and defeat the Demon King together?”

The Demon girl twitched and frowned upon hearing Krul’s words. She scowled at Krul before staring at Kagami with an agitated expression.

Kagami faced her and opened his mouth widely, showing off a wry smile as if it were a genuine one.

“No, thank you.”

Kagami replied clearly, and the Demon girl looked relieved.

“Why!? If you have that much power, I’m sure you can defeat the Demon King! You don’t seem to be aware of the fact that nobody has ever accomplished this!”

“I don’t know.”

When Krul persistently tried to tempt him to join them, Kagami glared back and replied in a serious tone, as if to intimidate her.

Krul’s body instantly trembled and she was at a loss for words from the aura that did not seem to be from a Villager.

Understanding that it was useless to talk any more, Kagami began to move again.

“Don’t you agree that it will be fine if the Legendary Holy Sword is brought back? Since I’ll go find it again and return it somehow, please forgive me on this matter. I also have some responsibility for being negligent.”

Kagami said this firmly. If you thought about it, since he hadn’t named himself yet, he had no fear of being branded as a criminal. He perceived that he would be able to manage somehow if he got away from this place.

“Why…is that? Do you not want wealth or fame? Do you not want to save people that are suffering?”

“Hmm? I do want wealth, but I don’t really need fame. If there are people suffering…well, I’d save them.”

“T-then, at least you have a reason to fight! If you still say that’s not enough…when the Demon King is defeated, I’ll become your Queen!”

Everyone there let out a surprised “Hah!?” in response to Princess Krul’s unexpected offer.

“W-wait! Princess…are you saying that you will pledge yourself to a Villager!?”

Rex Chickyboy got impatient and lost his temper. Part of his plan had been to finally defeat the Demon King and, after becoming rich and famous, be pledged to the Princess and rule the country.

“Even so, I am still willing to do it. I’ve decided that this Villager is worthy of that much, since his power is so rare.”

Krul spoke normally, since she had come to the decision with her calm judgement. This was the strength of her desire to defeat the Demon King.

Kagami felt her implacable desperation behind her stern, serious expression and was impressed that she thought about others and not herself despite her young age.

“However, I refuse.”

Still, he refused the offer. He had only been impressed.

Although it was not a bad offer for Kagami, whose goal was to gather gold, he had a policy of never replying “Yes” to such requests.

He wasn’t worried about somebody defeating the Demon King, since he expected the Demon King to be defeated eventually. However, agreeing to defeat the Demon King himself was a different matter.

“Please…tell us the reason.”

“First of all, you are fundamentally mistaken.”

“A misunderstanding?”

Everyone concentrated on listening to the seemingly irritated Kagami, who proceeded to explain thoroughly.

“I don’t really think that the Demon King subjugation is an achievement. That is the reason that I won’t help you fight. That’s all. By the way…since these are only my opinions, you don’t have to worry about it.”

“I don’t understand…what you’re saying.”

Everyone else shared Krul’s feelings. They could not understand what he was saying.

Nobody had ever completed a Demon King subjugation. The Demon King was the largest cause of the production of Monsters, and removing such a danger would be a huge achievement for humans.

“Well, it’s fine if you don’t understand. Since you don’t understand, it’s nothing bad.”

Kagami finished talking and resumed walking, putting a foot outside of the room.

“Please wait. Even if you leave, I won’t be satisfied with not understanding. Although I understand that you are incredible, at least tell us the reason that you won’t fight the Demon King.”

Palna finally spoke, genuinely concerned. She had chosen the path of fighting to enjoy a fun life while obtaining wealth and fame, but this Villager did not seem to have the same desire for power.

“Good grief. It’s difficult to try and explain it. It doesn’t mean that you guys are mistaken, so ain’t it fine if you ignore me? There’s no point unless you realize it yourself.”

“At least…just a hint…”

Next, the timid Tina asked a question. The moment Kagami looked back at her, her body trembled and she tried to look away with an “eek!”.

“What has the Demon King done to humans? What have humans done to the Demon King?”

After Kagami finally answered, he left the glowing room and disappeared into the darkness of the dimly lit cave.

Everyone left inside puzzled over the mysterious words that he had left them.

Things the Demon King had done to humans? The Demon King spawned Monsters, which brutally murdered countless numbers of people. Things humans had done to the Demon King? They tried to kill the Demon King in order to release the people from their suffering. That was all. That was the only reason.

As for whether it was funny or there was a reason not to fight, they couldn’t understand it at all.

The Villager had also said that “It doesn’t mean that you guys are mistaken.”

It wasn’t a mistake to try to defeat the Demon King. However, it wasn’t an achievement either. It wasn’t a reason to fight with the Demon King. It wasn’t a reason to obtain wealth and fame?

“No more! I don’t understand it! What is that guy!”

Tina was unable to understand the reason and puffed her cheeks in response.

“That Villager…is probably a Villager who is stronger than any other Role.”

Whether or not she felt depressed with those unbelievable remarks, Palna sighed and stated her thoughts. She then noticed that Rex was glaring at the entrance of the room.

“Rex? What’s wrong? Staring at the entrance of the room like a beast…if it’s about the Villager from earlier, I am fairly certain that he isn’t in this area anymore?”

“That guy…when he passed me, he said something strange.”

Krul, who was slightly depressed from being rejected, showed interest in Rex’s words.

“What…did he say?”

“‘You…still don’t know the System of this world’…is what he said.”

“Sys…tem?”

When they heard this, the mystery of the Villager grew.

“That person…what exactly does he know?”

“I don’t know, but one thing is clear.”

Rex responded to Krul, who had put a hand on her chin while staring at the doorway that the Villager had left through. He began to walk towards the cave’s darkness, just like the Villager had, with resolve.

Certainly, he did not know the System of this world. If that was the case, then it would be fine if he learned about this System…and surpassed that Villager. It was impossible for a Villager to be able to do something that he could not.

Things like the Holy Sword didn’t matter anymore. Now, there was something inside him…a reliable power that didn’t need such things.

The absolute confidence to take down the Demon King…to gain this power. He could do it. He definitely could.

“I…must become the strongest of them all!”

A burning desire to obtain the power to surpass the Level 999 Villager lit up inside of him, as if it had become his new obsession.





