LV999 Villager





Volume 3





Author: Hoshitsuki Kitten

Illustrator: ?





Translate: Xant & Minions

Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

LV999 Villager

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 1

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 2

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 3

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 4

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 5

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 6

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 7

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 8

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 9

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 10

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 11

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 12

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 13

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 14

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 15





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 1




“Kagami-san, wake up. Look, you have to go and greet Menou!”

“Nn? Aah-…Let me sleep…for eight more hours…”

“Hurry and wake up already. Otherwise, Takako-san will to come wake you, you know?”

“I’m up.”

It was morning in Balman. The attack by the Demon King Army had happened the previous day. The houses that had been destroyed were now being repaired and the injured people were being nursed. Despite it being morning, the town was crowded. The scene of Adventurers with the Roles of Monk and Craftsmen busily coming and going could be seen from the Inn’s window.

Last night, Kagami had returned to the town after slaying all the Monsters and lied about the Demon running away, settling his state of affairs. He was questioned by Adventurers of various Levels and the Hero’s party because they wanted to know how he had defeated them. Afterwards, he brought Alice and Takako back to the Inn and told them the truth.

“It’s been awhile since I’ve met Menou…Look, Kagami-san, change your clothes, change your clothes!”

“Kyaaa, Alice is a pervert! Geez, don’t be so fussy. I’m sure that Uncle will be waiting. I already told him that we would go greet him around noon.”

Alice smiled radiantly as she forcibly took the futon away from Kagami.

“I’m sure you’re an S, taking the futon away from me with that smile. Actually, why have you been smiling so radiantly since yesterday?”

“Kagami-san didn’t waste his breath to defeat Menou and since we’ll meet with him, I have a chance to properly talk with him. I’m really happy.”

Alice was elated and also told him, “Kagami-san, thank you.” When he saw that dazzling smile, Kagami thought about the Black Steak he ate while grinning yesterday and took mental damage. Although he thought about the gold he had saved, his heart still hurt, somehow.

“Now that I think about it, Kagami-san, what did you do with that large amount of gold and gems you were holding yesterday?”

“I deposited all of it, since there’s no way to carry it. It was an unexpected harvest.”

All the gems that had been dropped by the Hell Crows had come out to a total of 51 Gold and 900 Silver. Rather than giving half of it to the townsfolk for the town’s expenses, he had quickly deposited all of it into his safe at the Quest Guild.

He had an account registered in the Quest Guild so any other Quest Guild building became a bank that he could withdraw gold from.

Since the Quest Guild existed all over the world, a lot of Adventurers used it. It was the safest bank so they could deposit without any worries. There was also a charge of one Silver taken as commission for withdrawals so, other than Adventurers, very few people used it.

“Is Takako-chan back yet? After eating yesterday, she said she would go take a look at the horrors of her Bar Club, but it seems like she didn’t go there.”

“She came back once, but she immediately went to help out the townsfolk. She said it was important to socialize with the neighborhood.”

At Alice’s answer, Kagami muttered, “Just like Takako-chan,” took off his sleepwear, and began to change into the plain clothes that he always wore.

He then saw Takako’s figure outside, walking rapidly while holding two large logs, from the bay window and immediately erased that memory, deciding that he had not seen anything.

“Waah! Kagami-san, why are you changing in front of me!”

“Isn’t it fine? I’m wearing underwear. There’s no problem if you think of it as a swimsuit.”

“That’s not the problem! I’m an elegant woman, so think about it a little!”

Kagami responded with “Be careful next time” to Alice, who was complaining while puffing her cheeks, and continued to change his clothes without taking her complaints to heart.

When she saw this, Alice, who was being treated like a child, headed to the dining hall on the first floor, thinking it was unpleasant.

Kagami finished changing with a ‘phew’ and collected the luggage in the room before chasing after her.

He returned the room’s key at the first floor lobby before walking to the dining hall, putting his luggage down, and sitting in front of Alice, who was sitting with a glum look.

“Don’t be so angry. Were my muscles that unsightly?”

“Not really.”

He sighed as he met her eyes, while she dangled her feet. He thought that her mood would be lifted by eating food, so they ordered from the lady who was carrying food around the dining hall.

Sure enough, when Alice carried over her food several minutes later, her mood had brightened up. When Kagami saw the brightened Alice, who was happily eating while asking him what food he had ordered, he was amazed. He then thought “Whatever,” feeling satisfied.

“Well then, we have to plan the schedule of the trip to the Demon King’s Castle.”

“Certainly, it will take us ten days to get there. Though, I think that it would take twice as long if we tried to move discretely.”

“Going there is rather simple, but since we have a few people, as well as that Demon Uncle who can’t hide his magic, it will take several trips to get supplies from the town.”

Kagami spread open a map of the Arcasia Kingdom while holding bread in one hand. Alice looked slightly anxious.

It couldn’t be helped that she wanted to know the truth behind her father’s illness and the Demon Army invasion as quickly as possible. Above all else, she intuitively felt that things would become irreversible if they were slow to act.

“Horses…are no good?”

“Horses would absolutely never let Demons ride them…Alice, your magic is suppressed but that Demon Uncle…Menou is impossible.”

Alice was disappointed and dropped her shoulders.

“Well…if we need to go there quickly, there is definitely a way.”

Alice immediately perked up at these words.

“How?”

“There’s this certain thing that we could ride that would let us arrive quickly, but I absolutely don’t want to ride it.”

“W-Why is that? I…I want to know what is happening, even if it’s just a little faster.”

Kagami, who didn’t know Alice’s feelings, thought about it as sweat ran down his forehead. Honestly, Kagami was also worried about what had happened to the Demon King. His intuition felt that they could not be slow about this, no matter what. It was more important than worrying about being attacked by humans.

“Yosh, let’s decide it based on what we see. We’ll go with the majority vote.”

“Takako-san says it’s fine if we ride her?”

“Takako isn’t someone who would want to let multiple people ride her?”

Kagami put the payment for the meal on the table, stood up, and walked out of the Inn. Alice trotted along, ahead of Kagami.

“That certain thing…is a monster called Kenta・Uros. It’s a Monster that exists outside of the Arcasia Kingdom. Although they can talk like a Demon, they are still Monsters so there is no point in worrying about them releasing magic like a Demon. In other words, they are harmless.”

“There is such a Monster, huh? I didn’t know, since it was impossible for me to leave the Arcasia Kingdom. It wasn’t listed in the books I read either.”

“They were put on an island country instead of the Demon King’s Castle, since it was too dangerous to have them inside the Arcasia Kingdom.”

Kagami stopped at one of the town’s crossroads and pointed at a wagon that was approaching with a rattling sound.

Alice’s gaze followed his fingertip and the wagon reflected in her view caused her heart to pound violently. A Kenta-Uros had come forward, pulling the wagon. Its upper body had the appearance of a human that bore horns, as if it were a Demon, while its lower half had the appearance of a horse.

This wagon was pulled by two Kenta-Uros. One was blond and had a beautiful figure, while the other, who was old enough to be an Uncle, had a black mustache and short, black hair that was combed straight back from its forehead. They had a unique aroma and gave off a grand atmosphere as they pulled the wagon.

“A-Amazin’! They are able to speak because the upper half of their bodies is like a Demon, right? But, I don’t feel magic, even though their horns look like a Demon’s…Amazing! The path of coexistence that I am aiming for will be gran-mogo!”

“Quiet! Your voice is loud. ‘Cause here, you’re a human. For now, it’s still too early to decide…so just look.”

As the Kenta-Uros pulling the wagon passed by Kagami, he sent them a distorted gaze, as if he felt grossed out to see a Kenta-Uros’s face.

Without saying anything, the Kenta-Uros, who had noticed Kagami’s gaze, stopped in front of him.

“A human…this face, what is it?”

【Kenta-Uros Feature #1】Too much pride. No, although it was uncertain if their pride was actually high, if they saw a disagreeable gaze, they would definitely stop and begin to talk about something.

(They would start talking even if it was something dead)



When Kagami continued to look at the Kenta・Uros without saying anything or changing his expression in response to the Uncle Kenta・Uros, the blond Kenta・Uros stepped forward.

“Human…we are a noble existence. You guys are inferior living beings.”

【Kenta-Uros Feature #2】They always believe that they are of a noble existence, even in front of humans of an overwhelmingly higher level.

“Those like you are an existence equal to rubbish. You should be thankful that we’ve even let you hear our noble voices. Such trash is…”

“Shut up! Walk faster!”

As the Kenta-Uros were speaking, the distressed Merchant man aboard the wagon cried out and, with a bashibashibashibashi!, whipped the two Kenta-Uros that had stopped. At the same time as the violent, painful sound rang out,

“”NNH AAAAAHHHNN FEELS SO GOODDDDDDD!””

The two Kenta-Uros began to shout happily, their eyes rolled upwards, and their tongues hung out of their open mouths when they were struck with the whip.

【Kenta-Uros Feature #3】Overwhelmingly masochistic.

They had power several times higher than that of a horse, were able to vigorously continue past any obstacle, and were faster than horses. Since they looked down on humans, it would be normal for them to never obey. However, they were masochistic so they were just harmless Monsters that obeyed humans and wanted to get whipped. They are: Kenta-Uros.

They were Monsters who wanted to be whipped, rather than wanting to preserve their pride. They are Kenta-Uros. However, the Kenta-Uros recognized this as a give-and-take relationship so, to them, their pride was being preserved.

“Amazin’, Kagami-san. This is the first time that I thought I was so hated.”

“I know.”





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 2




Alice’s eyes darted around quickly as the carriage rattled by her. The two Kenta-Uros muttered, “This doesn’t mean we will ever yield to humans, we just understand what is truly valuable, okay? Humans are…” as they passed.

“I thought my eyes would rot. Well? Still want to ride one?”

Alice silently shook her head without changing her expression.

“Ara? If it isn’t Kagami-chan. You’ve finally woken up.”

As the Kenta-Uros passed by, they saw a pig-like Uncle with a towel around his neck, which was as thick as a log. He seemed to be helping to rebuild the town and was working up a sweat by carrying a large tree in one arm.

Seeing that, Alice was convinced that there were only amazing people in this town.

“Geez, even though it would be faster if we just rode those Kenta-Uros. What’s there to be stubborn about?”

Before the sun reached its zenith, Kagami’s group left the town and headed towards the promised meeting place with Menou.

Kagami and Takako were carrying a large rucksack containing several days worth of food and equipment.

“For them to hate being whipped…I even slapped them with a bashibashi.”

When Takako said that regretfully, Kagami looked at Alice with an astonished look that seemed to want to say ‘huh’. Alice returned a nod, wearing the same questioning look.

“I also have my pride. I hate riding them and I hate seeing their gross reactions everyday.”

“So selfish. At least put up with it, since it’s more difficult to walk there after…all? Ara, isn’t that him?”

Takako pointed her finger at a man with long, silver hair. He was heavily dressed, as if he was meeting the kingdom’s soldiers in full uniform. The man wasn’t wearing the cloak that Kagami had seen yesterday, but a surcoat-like cloak.

The man appeared to be silently waiting for something. Although it was possible to mistake him for someone else for an instant, there were two horns protruding near his ears, which was the mark of a Demon, so Kagami confirmed that he was the Demon he had met during the attack yesterday.

“Menou!”

The one who reacted first after seeing the Demon was Alice.

When she saw Menou, she merrily ran over to him.

“A-Alice-sama! You really are safe…this Menou was worried sick.”

When Alice approached Menou, he immediately knelt down, putting one knee onto the ground, and bowed.

“Well, I’m glad that Menou is safe and sound.”

Alice said with a smile. Menou seemed slightly relieved and his expression softened. He stood up and looked towards Kagami.

“It seems…that your story wasn’t a lie.”

“There isn’t any merit to lying about such a thing. If there was, you would have already been incapacitated a long time ago.”

After Kagami said that, Menou muttered ‘Indeed, that must be why’ with a sarcastic smile.

“Ara? Ara-n? He’s not that bad of a guy…! His appearance is also quite lovely…!”

As if following up on Kagami’s statement, Takako’s figure appeared in front of Menou as the sound of heavy steps resounded.

Although he had caught a glimpse of her appearance earlier, Menou instinctively jumped backwards when he heard her queer tone.

“You…who the hell are you?!”

Menou took a stance and flames created from his magic enveloped both of his hands.

When she saw this, Alice hastily instructed Menou to calm down.

“Takako-san is on our side! Together with Kagami-san! They are protecting me!”

“On our side…you say? However, well…muu…is that so?”

Although he was self-centered, he understood that Takako was an ally and immediately suppressed his magic.

“Well, it can’t be helped, since you’re a Demon. You don’t need to worry about it, ok?”

“Muu…I’m sorry. You might already know, but my name is Menou. I thank you for protecting Alice-sama. If it is fine, will you give me your name?” (TN: he addresses Takako as a male equal here)

“You? Ah, Takako-san is a woman, you know.”

When Alice quickly mentioned that, Menou was stunned, saying “Ehh!?”

Menou looked at Takako multiple times, as if he refused to believe her.

He looked at Alice’s appearance and then compared it with Takako’s. He couldn’t believe that they were the same gender.

He then looked at Kagami before looking back at Takako. He still thought that she looked more similar to Kagami.

“I am Takako Vildar. Take care of me?”

He did not know whether she was offended at being called a male, but Takako was emitting a difficult aura, close to that of a queer, as she smiled. Takako’s voice was low, to the extent that he thought he was hallucinating.

“Ah…Uh, p-please excuse me. Takako-dono, is it? I am counting on you.”

Menou shook hands with Takako. No matter how he looked at it, he could only see a mass of muscles. However, she was still a benefactor who had protected Alice, so he held back his emotions.

“Let me give my thanks to ‘you’…no, Kagami-dono, and to ‘you’ once more. Allow me to express my gratitude for protecting Alice-sama.”

(TN: The first ‘you’ = Kisama, refers to Kagami. The second ‘you’ = Kiden, refers to Takako)

Menou exchanged another handshake with Takako and Kagami.

“Well then, for now, I want to talk about the journey’s plan…Is that fine?”

He nodded to Kagami, who was waving a map in one of his hands. Kagami spread the map on the ground and the four of them sat down around it.

“Normally it would be fine to go there directly, but since Menou’s magic leaks out, we will need to head towards the Demon King’s Castle while taking detours to keep him hidden…In that case, it will take 14 days, even if we hurry.”

“Wait, come to think of it, I don’t feel any magic power coming from Alice-sama. How is that possible?”

Kagami instructed Alice to turn her back to him, showing Menou the cloth ribbon that was wrapped around her horn.

“I do say, what is that cloth…?”

“It’s a cloth that was made by Kagami-san to suppress a Demon’s magic power. Thanks to this, I was able to enter a human town for the first time. It was really lively, you know? Balman town!”

Menou gazed at the cloth wrapped around Alice’s horn with a stunned look. He could sense a faint emission of magic power, but it was only for a moment. The magic power was immediately changed into something else and absorbed into the cloth.

“This is something that Kagami-dono made?”

“I just had a chance to do it. The materials are too rare though, so it could only be made once.”

“…You really don’t hate Demons, huh. That’s better…”

Before Menou could continue talking, Takako suddenly grabbed Alice and jumped backwards. Kagami and Menou jumped back in the same manner.

Immediately afterwards, a raging flame flew in at high speed and the map that they had been looking at instantly turned into ashes.

“Just as I thought. I knew that it was a bit strange.”

As if she was saying that it was useless to just hide themselves, one of the Hero’s party members, Palna, appeared from behind one of the surrounding trees.

“I thought it was strange, since there were two shadows that fell from the Hell Crows last night.”

The next person to appear was Krul.

“To be together with Demons…I can’t believe such a thing! You said that this child was your little sister but…as I thought, it was a Demon, wasn’t it!”

The third one was Tina.

“You can’t…talk your way out of this.”

The last person to come out of the cover of the surrounding trees was Rex.

“Don’t wait for your turn to come out, you guys.”

Kagami replied, stunned, while muttering ‘come out immediately’ inside his heart.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 3




He then checked out his surroundings. There were four people amongst the surrounding trees, obstructing his view of an easy escape route. At the same time, the group of four were in a position that made it difficult for them to chase if Kagami’s party tried to flee.

“If I may ask, why are you surrounding us?”

“Such a foolish question. We won’t let you guys, who have allied with the Demons, run away.”

Krul returned an answer without appearing in front of them, remaining in her position.

At that moment, with a speed that an ordinary person wouldn’t be able to see, Kagami appeared in front of Krul. It was as if the movement was instantaneous and everyone there had their eyes wide open.

“This time is zero points, though I am only referring to the strategy that princess-sama had thought of.”

As he said this, Kagami lightly chopped Krul’s head, like he had done the other day. Krul blinked, unable to immediately understand what had happened to her.

“Although it’s fine that the Hero’s party has the courage to face a strong opponent, wouldn’t it be better if you showed it only when you knew you had a chance of winning?”

“D-Don’t ignore what I said! Besides, you guys are humans…If you kill us, you will automatically be labeled as criminals!”

“How idiotic. Although, it would certainly be that way if you were killed.”

“Calling someone an idiot is rude!”

Krul responded to Kagami with a angry expression as her face turned bright red.

“It’s pointless for you to act strong when you can’t even be compared to your opponent. How would you overcome that weak-looking monk girl? That child is dangerous, right?”

The moment Kagami muttered this and let out a sigh with a ‘Well, Well’, Krul jumped backwards, as if she had realized something. Immediately afterwards, Kagami was attacked by a radiating Light Edge slash from behind.

However, since Kagami had grasped the direction and position of the sound that was cutting through the air, he easily avoided it by lightly twisting his waist.

“There’s no room to act. It’s not like we came to listen to your sermon!”

Within the brief moment that Kagami had dodged the attack, Rex, who had sent out that slash, closed in on him, as if chasing him. Unable to hit Kagami, Rex swung his sword downwards while shouting and Kagami showed him a troubled expression as he jumped backwards.

“You don’t have to tighten your defence. It’s not like I could run away?”

“You just told us that our formation is meaningless, right?”

Kagami slightly admired Rex for listening to his advice. He was brave and honest. No matter how much strength having the Role of a Hero gave to someone, Kagami felt like he understood that Rex could become stronger.

“Why are you attacking me~. You’ll be a criminal if you carelessly attack me and kill me, right~?”

“This here is the Princess. She’ll pardon me as much as I like this time…Besides, even if I were to kill Demons, I would not be labeled as a criminal!”

As Kagami continued to dodge backwards, he thought ‘he is petty in spirit’ about Rex, who continued his attacks. However, as the assault continued, he concluded that there had to be a limit. He grabbed the sword that was swung down at him with one of his hands and gazed at Rex with killing intent, as if he hated him.

This one glare sent chills down Rex’s spine, so he immediately let go of the sword that was grasped in Kagami’s hand and jumped backwards, lining up besides Krul.

“Tch…! You monster!”

Regardless of it only being an insignificant movement that wasn’t enough to cause any real exhaustion, sweat was dripping down from Rex’s forehead, almost like it was gushing out, and his breathing was haggard. He had already understood that Kagami was overwhelmingly powerful in comparison to him. Despite knowing that, he still thought ‘If I fight any longer, I will die’ towards the opponent, who had no weapons equipped. There was nothing but fear within him.

“A splendid monster. Leaving such a monster alone, would it be enjoyable even if he lets you go with him to defeat the Demon King?”

“The main problem is that the person over there said that he was a subordinate of the Demon King!”

After saying that, Tina walked over to Rex, who was standing there separated from the group, and cast Healing Magic on him, regardless of the fact that he hadn’t received any external wounds.

“Aren’t there victims from yesterday’s attack? They should be overlooked just because the ringleader of the attackers is in front of you. What? I wonder if you are still using the excuse that you thrusted the Blue Devil’s horn into him?”

As Krul said this, she formed a giant magic circle with the size of an adult person, as if she was making up for the two of them that had slipped out of position, and immediately prepared to chant an attack.

Menou, who had seen this a little while ago, moved over to Kagami in a panic, pulled on his clothes with a wrinkled face, and whispered into his ear.

“What does she mean that Kagami-dono will advise them to depart on a trip to defeat Demon King-sama! Was Kagami-dono not an ally of Demon King-sama!?”

“Saying such and such doesn’t really refer to that. I just don’t understand how to refute the humans’ claims. It’s a fact that Demon do harm to humans.”

“B-But…!”

“But, just like the Magician Princess-san over there has said, it’s a fact that the town received a large amount of damage from the rampage yesterday, right? You also seemed to have been worried about it, so for now, go apologize.”

“W-Why must I apologize to the likes of those humans!? Us Demons were humiliated dozens of times by the humans in the attack this time, right!?”

Menou’s words did make sense, and Alice’s expression became slightly cloudy. Whether or not she realized this, Takako also seemingly became saddened. She put her hand onto Alice’s head, as if she was sharing her pain.

Although it was from a long distance, Menou, who was aware of Alice’s expression, also mumbled and avoided looking into her eyes, whether or not something was wrong. If the Demon King and Alice hoped to make peace with the humans, as he had heard from Kagami, he too should surely let that happen, but the fate of humans and Demons wouldn’t let them yield to one another.

“Whether or not you apologize isn’t the problem. There are humans who are cooperating with the Demons that attacked Balman yesterday…this is the biggest problem! You can’t avoid going to prison!”

As Rex yelled this, he pulled out one more sword from a sheath that was hung around his waist and poised it in front of him.

“I laughed because I won’t waste my breath on you, who won’t even attempt to listen to those whom I’m cooperating with.”

“There is no need to listen! Demons are evil! And you are evil for allying with them, you bastard!”

At those words, Kagami instantly moved in front of Rex with the reflexes in his body and grabbed onto the poised sword. Rex couldn’t do anything against Kagami, who had suddenly appeared in front of him, so he tried to jump backwards. That didn’t mean that he couldn’t move his body out of fear. Even if he tried to move the sword in his hand with all his power, it didn’t move in the slightest. Immediately afterwards, he switched his gaze from his sword to Kagami and unexpectedly became bewildered.

Kagami wasn’t glaring nor was he hateful; instead, he seemed rather sad.

Rex would understand if Kagami was angry about it, yet he couldn’t understand the meaning of this expression with this timing.

“Why? Who decided that? How did it become like that? Did you thoroughly think about it?”

Kagami said some words that were difficult to comprehend as he had that expression.

“What do you mean by that?”

“The little sister over there that I pretended was mine…Does she appear to be a bad person?”

“What is it that you want to say!”

“I’ll teach you, because I already know who that Demon is. She is the Demon King’s daughter.”

Everyone in the Hero’s party had their eyes wide open as they stared at Alice’s face. Sweat appeared on their foreheads as doubt mixed in and they muttered, ‘The Demon King’s…daughter?’

“Princess-sama, certainly you had already said that it was fine to embrace the Demon King’s daughter tightly yesterday, right?”

As he said this, Krul instantly had a clear impression of the events that had occurred yesterday in her mind. Certainly, there was an appearance of herself, who tried to relieve a girl who had seemed to be anxious at that point. At that point in time, Krul could only see that she was a girl who was fearful and hopeless upon seeing the Demon King Army.

“Did that girl look like a bad person to you?”

As he said this, Krul hesitated and averted her gaze without saying anything. Although she didn’t want to recognize it, she couldn’t have thought that the girl was bad at all. She had a sign of purity in her eyes, like that of a human girl, and she appeared too weak to do such a sinister thing.

Even if she saw her now, she couldn’t think about it. She couldn’t feel any ill intent at all from the seemingly sad look in the girl’s eyes.

That girl over there was definitely just a simple girl.

“Certainly, Demons have caused harm to humans. However, even if a portion of that harm was removed, it wouldn’t change anything for the humans. Demons are harmful. That’s why I won’t stop you guys from defeating the Demon King. But Demons are not bad. That’s why I won’t let my friends, who aren’t bad Demons, get killed.”

As he declared this, Kagami broke the sword he had grasped onto with a ‘Bakin’.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 4




The tense atmosphere lingered for a while. Nobody spoke and, even though it was only a few seconds, it felt like much more time had passed.

“So…the Demon who came to attack the town isn’t bad?”

Tina asked before she knew it, as sweat poured down from her forehead. She stared at Kagami from behind Krul’s back due to fright. After staying silent for several seconds, Kagami looked at her expressionlessly and said,

“About that, hasn’t he already said he was truly sorry?”

Kagami’s words instantly broke the previously tense atmosphere.

“Eh…If that’s so, then us catching that person isn’t right…”

Tina muttered an unexpected response because of her bewilderment.

“No, that’s wrong. What I wanted to say was in regards to all the Demons who aren’t bad. Listen to them first, princess-sama.”

“They have no ears to listen with! Either way, that Demon attacked Balman. This is an indisputable fact! It’s enough of a reason to catch him!”

Although she had thought for a moment that her desire for revenge was wrong, Krul immediately began to cast Magic. At the same time, Palna began to form a magic circle. The man in front of her was weakening her resolve. He was a dangerous existence who drew out a portion of herself. Krul confirmed that with this exchange.

“Hold up, hold up! Look, humans also attack Demon towns, right? This attack is the same thing! There is no justice and evil in war, right? What I believe in is justice!”

“Under the justice we believe in, it’s natural to capture a person from an enemy country who came to attack, right?”

“Certainly! Well, still, listen to me. Although it’s true that he attacked, the condition of the Demon King is strange, so I will be going to investigate him. Look, although the manner it was given in was too strange, it was in accordance to the King’s order, and he is in a position where he can only follow it, as a servant.”

Rex, Palna, and Krul grimaced at Kagami’s vague words that were said without hesitation.

“The condition of the Demon King is strange? Exactly how is he strange?”

“It’s strange to give out an order to attack a town, since the Demon King hopes to reconcile with humans. I decided to go to the Demon King’s castle to confirm whether or not it was truly an order from the Demon King to attack the town yesterday, because it was suspicious. Since it is also on your mind, you guys should follow me. That’s it.”

Kagami’s remarks seemed to be really foolish. Rex laughed loudly, Palna looked at him with pity, Tina made an uneven smile, and Krul burst out in laughter.

“Isn’t the strange one you? The Demon King hopes to reconcile with humans? There is no reason to tell such an idiotic story, right? The Demon King is humanity’s greatest enemy.”

Krul replied back while full of confidence, regardless of whether her conclusion was correct. Rex gave a scornful smile, as if he consented with her.

“On what basis did you decide that on?”

However, Kagami didn’t understand how she could show off such a confident expression.

“There are plenty of things to base it on. In the past, it was said that the Demon King was the one who created many Monsters all over the continent. Up until now…a countless number of people have been killed by monsters, and it also means that…the previous heroes knew that they would lose their life by challenging the Demon King, right?”

As he listened to their complaints, Kagami hung his head and sighed.

There was a countless number of times that he had cursed. However, everyone spoke back to him in unison and scorned Kagami, as if Rex was correct. They would, without being discouraged, turn their eyes away and not listen about the present reality, even if they were complaining about the present relationship between Demons and humans in this strange world.

“It’s not the Demon King’s will to create Monsters, and isn’t it normal for him to fight back against people who are aiming for his life? It doesn’t make any sense to not kill an opponent who is trying to kill you. Using that as a basis to claim that he doesn’t want to reconcile…don’t be a slave to prejudice.”

“Pre…judice?”

“Since I have met the Demon King before, I can say that there wasn’t any malice behind the Demon King’s daughter’s hopes for reconciliation. The Demon King surely has no desire, at all, to eliminate humans. So, I can’t think that the attack this time was due to the Demon King’s will. I will go and confirm this.”

At that time, Rex approached Kagami with resentment, somehow feeling pressured, and grasped Kagami’s chest as he struck it violently.

“Shut up!”

A loud voice rang out and echoed throughout their surroundings.

“You said that you have met the Demon King? You said that the Demon King hopes to reconcile? Don’t spout bullshit! What do you…base it off of? It’s more likely that you were fooled by those lowly Demons!”

Kagami didn’t understand what Rex was so impatient about and only directed his sight towards him, who had violently struck him on the chest.

“Has the Demon King ever come to attack the town before now?”

That was all Kagami muttered.

At that moment, various events from the past began to run through Rex’s mind. The history of how many times Demon towns were destroyed, the massacre of Demons, and the existence of the country’s people who he knew looked up to him. Yet, the Demon King had never come to attack them. As for why this is, even without saying anything to Kagami, Rex had always understood it from long ago.

“If the Demon King were aware of this, there would have already been a war long ago. Besides, did you not think that there was a problem with having the Demon King’s Castle in a remote region, without any dungeons, making it easily targeted by humans from an island country like Hexal Doria?”

“Ah, I had also thought that was always a problem. He would not know what to do if we came to attack him.”

Tina, who had remained hidden behind Krul’s back, timidly uttered that, as if she were vaguely aware of it.

“Probably since it was a place that could suppress the influence of Monsters to a minimum. Although, it’s a good place that makes it difficult for humans to attack, because of the difference in height elevation…uuoh!”

The moment this was said, a massive Flame blade suddenly split into two and flew at Kagami in a straight line. Kagami, who realized this at the last moment, held onto Rex’s body, who was still holding onto his chest, and jumped away with him, evading it.

“It’s better for you to ignore him. You are being stupid…the Demon King is the enemy. There is a possibility that this man is being manipulated by the Demons. Pull yourself together, you guys!”

With a passing glance at Palna, Rex separated from Kagami’s chest, as if his eyes had finally woken up. He kicked Kagami up into the air and landed back on the ground after rotating once before wielding his remaining sword in one of his hands.

Although, at a glance, Krul and Tina appeared to be slightly lost, Palna’s face trembled and she strongly clenched her Staff as her fighting spirit flared up.

After Kagami saw Rex, who dropped down from the sky by kicking him, he muttered ‘Well, yeah’, with a disappointed look. Even if they could understand it, it didn’t change the fact that people had been hurt. They could end up killing him, regardless of whether he is evil or an ally, because it was easy to see this person as an enemy.

As for trying to understand each other, they would simply respond by saying that the damage would continue to be taken since they would preserve a portion of that harm. Kagami had also understood this, which was why he had given up.

“Well, Alice-tan, the path you want really is difficult.”

As such, Kagami laughed. He was just by himself the previous time he was accused. On the other hand, this time he had tried to step up by being an ally of the Demons. Clearly, there wasn’t a reason to not expect something from this method of approach, which was different from before.

Now, he could confirm the severity of this path. Yet, he was able to laugh because he could measure the possibility of the path from Krul’s response. The response clearly differed from previously. He couldn’t feel any possibilities back then.

“Yosh, let’s run away! We can surely run away easily now!”

Therefore, Kagami thought that he would 【Support that goal with all his might】. First, he needed to head towards the existence that was becoming the number one obstacle. He grabbed Menou’s collar and began to run.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 5




When she saw Kagami run, Takako immediately grabbed Alice and followed behind him.

“For him to run away is like saying that he admits it!”

“I’m only running away because you won’t listen to me! Let’s meet again.”

Kagami began to run towards the position that Rex had been hiding in as he sighed. They headed northeast of Balman, towards the Demon King’s Castle, which was located in Atros, one of the four countries.

“Kagami-dono, there is a carriage stopped ahead of here! Since we are heading towards the Demon King’s Castle, I secured it earlier, because I thought it would be necessary! Let’s go ride it.”

Menou yelled out to Kagami as he pushed his way towards him and pulled him along.

“A carriage…How did you secure it?”

“I seized it from one of the peddlers that were heading out of Balman.”

“Just as I was trying to convince the hero’s party that you aren’t a bad guy at all~. If I confirm the safety of the Demon King after going to his castle, it seems that I will have to hand you to the Hero’s party.”

“Whether I have one or two carriages, I’m still the guy who attacked the town. For me, the most important thing is to confirm the safety of the Demon King. Be at ease, I did not want to dishonor Kagami-dono, so I neither killed those peddlers nor deprived them of their goods. I only took their horse and their carriage.”

“Eh, but thanks to your actions, the Hero’s party found out about this place, didn’t they?”

“…………Ahh.”

Kagami proved that he had been aware of how he had conveniently been found out by the Hero’s party. Although he considered flinging Menou away for a moment, Kagami resisted the desire and ran towards the wagon.

Kagami made a bitter expression when he saw the wagon.

Although two horses were on standby next to the wagon, which was designed to carry things and had a tent over it, no matter how he looked at it, they weren’t horses at all. Their upper halves were part human. They were the Kenta-Uros.

“They should be thankful that you deprived them of such a thing.”

Kagami muttered while placing a hand on his head and groaning, seeming to hate it from the bottom of his heart.

“Even though they seemed fine, since those Monsters were being used, I released them. Of course, those horses acknowledge me and will let me ride them.”

As if to say that he was being praised, Menou was thrown inside of the carriage. Without needing to be reminded that they were in a situation where the Hero’s party was catching up to them from behind, Kagami also climbed into the carriage.

Behind them was Takako, who seemed happy as she caught up with them, and Alice, who had been carried by her and seemed to be bored to death. They also got into the carriage.

“Time to depart! Start running! If we head straight to the west from the forest, we will surely come out of it!”

Although Kagami climbed into the carriage and tried to remain expressionless as he said that, the two Kenta-Uros desperately fixed their eyes onto him and yelled.

“Human, we are a noble existence.”

“Ah, yes.”

“We said that it is only the Demon who is allowed to ride us. As if we will let you guys, who are inferior beings, be carried. It will be forever shameful. Get lost.”

The moment the Kenta-Uros said that, Takako made an appearance from inside the carriage, holding a whip. Kagami immediately moved over to Alice, and with a ‘Kids shouldn’t look at this!’, he covered her eyes with his hands.

The carriage began to move with a blistering speed. With a ‘Hohohohoh!’ from Takako, a yell of ‘nnaaaaaaah!’ resounded from the Kenta-Uros. When Menou saw this scene, he pondered on whether it was a good thing that he had ridden a Hell Crow.

By the time the Hero party got there, the carriage using the two Kenta-Uros had already dashed away. If their Level was high, it was natural for them to be quick at running away. There wasn’t any worry about the Hero party catching up if you thought about the distance the Kenta-Uros could travel with their inexhaustible stamina.

“Th-they ran away…!”

Tina muttered as she stopped and panted.

“C-Certainly…they said that they were heading towards the Demon King’s Castle. If that’s the case, they will surely stop by one of the towns along the way. Either way, their destination is the same. We will probably meet again somewhere.”

Krul, who had chased them in the same way, muttered as she also stopped and panted. Behind her, Rex was calmly leaning against a tree and Palna was standing next to him, gazing coldly at the carriage that was dashing away.

“Do you resent them?”

Rex, who realized what she was gazing at, also looked at the fleeing carriage and asked Palna.

“It doesn’t concern you. It’s something unrelated to you.”

Palna responded without looking into his eyes, and Rex muttered ‘I see’ back to her.

It didn’t mean that Rex personally held resentment towards the Demons. It was just hatred for Monsters. He just couldn’t recognize the existence that spawned them and called themselves Demons.

His reason was clear and simple. His parents had been killed by Monsters.

He deeply hated Monsters and he couldn’t forgive those who called themselves Demons for continuing to spawn them. He thought that his existence was a divine revelation. A revelation that allowed him to be born with the role of a Hero. He then continued to develop his powers to fulfill that revelation. He had often thought of a world without Monsters. However, Kagami had said that there were also Demons who hoped to reconcile and didn’t want to spawn more Monsters.

Although Demons were surely an existence that were meant to be killed in the same way as Monsters, he felt that it was wrong to kill Demons who wanted to reconcile. It was unavoidable, but that wouldn’t change the fact that it would be a simple slaughter.

The annihilation of Demons was absolutely essential in order to exterminate those hated Monsters. However, the facts that 『Other than Demon no longer spawning Monsters, nothing will change for Humans』 and 『Even until now they have never tried to attack and eliminate humans』 weighed heavily on Rex’s shoulders.

“It…can’t be helped, huh.”

Rex confronted the reality that he felt had somehow evaded him, and his disgust towards Kagami increased further. Even though Kagami hadn’t been given a revelation, he was strong, and this reality would always pit them against each other.

Even though Kagami hadn’t said that he was excellent compared to himself, who was a hero, Rex didn’t feel that it would be said.

Rather, he just had to feel as such to make it easy for him to attack, be it the Demon King Army or something evil. Monsters were hateful, yet Demons were…the Demon King.

“We’re going, Rex. Princess-sama is saying that we should go and prepare a means of travel, so we will return to the town.”

Krul and Tina had already gone back so Palna spoke to Rex, who was thinking about something seriously.

“…You shouldn’t worry about it.”

Palna turned around and began to walk ahead of him, returning to town.

“There is no need to worry.”

As she finished speaking, Palna continued to proceed to their original purpose.

The annihilation of Demons.

For Palna, who had her beloved person killed by Demons, things like Monsters made no difference to her.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 6




They were several kilometers to the west of Balman, in the middle of an empty plain. Beneath the clear and starry night sky, two humans and two demons were sitting around an open fire. It was the first friendly meeting between humans and demons.

Nevertheless, although they were en route to the Demon King’s Castle, they had felt a necessity to set some rules, since they would be spending time together for a while.

Even with Menou’s circumstances, Kagami and Alice concluded that his actions were bad this time, since the carriage he had plundered for their own convenience was something Kagami hadn’t given the okay for beforehand.

“First, we must never do harm to humans. Conversely, even if they do harm to us, we must endure it. If, by any chance, that happens, only we can shield you. At the very least, I want you to follow this rule until I confirm the Demon King’s true intentions.”

“Muu…I understand. Sorry. Thanks to my own selfishness, I’ve put Kagami-dono into a dangerous position.”

“It’s fine as long as you understand it. If you sincerely apologize when we return to Balman and compensate them for the carriage, they will probably forgive you. As for the Hero’s party…well, it will work out somehow.”

As Kagami said this, Alice poured some tea, which had been heated by the fire, into the mug she was holding.

When Menou saw that she wasn’t really worried about this, he let out a sigh of relief and relaxed, regaining his composure.

“For now, although we have to go to Atros Island in order to reach the Demon King’s Castle, rather than continuing on our current route, wouldn’t it be fine to go to the Freedom City Salumeria first?”

Takako spread out a map as she asked that.

The only land route that could be taken to cross over to the solitary island, Atros, went through a checkpoint that was to the northeast of Atros Island. There was no way to go to Atros Island without passing through the coastal city, Fort Freedom City Salumeria.

Since the people who normally traveled to Atros Island were those who were aiming for the Monster Drops exclusive to Atros Island or those that were merely curious, usually only a few were invited.

Although the reason why so few humans were invited could be said to be due to the average Level of the Monsters being abnormally high, even if they went, they would need to take the land route through the Fort Freedom City Salumeria.

“Salumeria is that city that is surrounded with that big wall, right?”

“Oh yeah, that reminds me, Alice came from Atros Island, right? Was it by ship?”

“Yeah. Although it was a slight detour, we passed by without having to go through Salumeria, thanks to the ship being carried by everyone in the village. We weren’t attacked by Monsters.”

Alice smiled as she said that.

Neighboring Atros Island was the Fort Freedom City Salumeria, which had developed on the mainland of the Hexal Doria Kingdom. It acted as a barrier against the Monsters that were spawned by the giant amount of magic power released from the Demon King’s Castle. It was a city made so that those Monsters wouldn’t reach the mainland.

The city had an outer wall built around it that was 40 meters high, which protected against ordinary monsters, who could only stop in front of it.

Even if they could destroy the wall and go through it, the many skilled Adventurers who were staying in the Fort Freedom City wouldn’t allow it. The Monsters dropped raw materials for repairing goods and weapons that allowed people to attack at all times, and since manpower and food were required, it was a place that gathered the most merchants and Adventurers. It was also the most dangerous place in the whole country, due to the attacks by the highest level Monsters and beings like the Demon King.

Yet, the Demon King’s Castle and Salumeria stood together. Those who went to attack the Demon King’s Castle, without having enough power to defeat the Demon King, thought that it was useless to attack it and continued to lose, so the Demon King had never shown any desire to march on Salumeria at all.

“Menou, that reminds me, since you attacked Balman, has Salumeria been attacked too?”

“Of course. The goal of our declaration was the same with Balman. They seemed to be dumbfounded, but a full scale march will surely begin before long. If that happens…the first one to be targeted will be…”

“Salumeria…?”

Kagami sighed as he said that.

It was enough for it to be called a Fort City. Although he didn’t think that it would fall so easily, it was clear that he had to hurry or the situation would become irreversible. Kagami ended up being worried on what to do and glanced at Alice with an anxious look before directing his gaze at the Kenta-Uros.

The Kenta-Uros, who were standing beside the carriage and devouring vegetables as if it were a pastry snack, looked back at him with disgust.

“What to do. I’d like to seriously request the favor of not riding them on the trip.”

Kagami said that with a serious look. Although he understood that they needed to hurry, he was caught in the dilemma of not wanting to ride them, no matter what.

“Seriously, Kagami-chan’s an idiot~ A real idiot~ What will you do if you don’t think about the consequences. Even though we will be heading to the Demon King’s Castle from here. Just how much distance do you think there is?”

Takako muttered back to Kagami as if she were pitying him.

“That’s right, Kagami-dono! We have to head towards Demon King-sama as quickly as possible and confirm his true intentions! We have to get information on his actions that are different from the ideals that Alice-sama speaks of! It’s just as Takako-dono said! It’s foolish to throw away our means of travel!”

Alice disagreed with what Menou said as she watched over the three with a slightly worried look. At least, she didn’t want to ride on the Kenta-Uros if possible.

“But aren’t those guys dangerous? I don’t know what’s dangerous anymore. It’ll be really annoying to suddenly be betrayed and attacked.”

Menou and Alice tilted their heads, as if doubtful of his words.

“There’s no need to worry about if we can control them. I have confidence that we can.”

Takako replied back to Kagami with a ‘Fufun’ as she smiled.

“U-Um…Kagami-san, what do you mean by being betrayed?”

Alice timidly asked, since it was only natural for her to be worried. Kagami gazed at the Kenta-Uros and asked, “Now, how many points is this Demon Uncle?”

“Five points. Although he is a Demon, he isn’t a match for us. I feel some elegance from that Demon girl…20 points. The large human man over there is easily…two points.”

As if the Kenta-Uros looked down on each of them, he sniffed, and after looking at the party he moistened his tongue and began to point at them one by one as he assessed them.

“The Kenta-Uros have an assessment of 100 points to -100 points. If their assessment of you becomes -100, you will be treated like an ordinary Monster and will get attacked.”

Kagami said that as if it were completely natural, and Menou, without thinking, raised his voice with a “Hah!?”

Kenta-Uros were persistent Monsters. Although they were special Monsters that had the same intelligence as humans and Demons, they would be careful not to attack sensible humans, in order to get merits for themselves. If it was decided that there were downsides greater than the merit of them ‘getting whipped’, the Kenta-Uros would attack you.

It was only at this time that their M-side would disappear, and because they would suddenly betray and attack you, it was extremely dangerous. To make matters worse, they had a high Level of 64 for a Monster. If one wanted to deal with Kenta-Uros, a routine whipping was necessary.

“However, when their assessment is in the plus, they leave it as it is. Since they take out their trump card and increase their minus points two-fold without blurting out so much as a ‘double up’, if you let your guard down, it will become really low.”

“Wow…”

Alice muttered back as she made a sour face at the truth that Kagami eagerly revealed. Although Alice, at least, heard that their trump card would be pulled out from somewhere, Kagami tried not to talk about that and remained expressionless.

“By the way, how many points am I at right now?”

“-50.”

“Waaaaaah…!”

Before he knew it, the minus mark he received became a ‘double up’ and, unable to withstand the humiliation, Kagami unintentionally raised his voice, as if he was a frog that ribbited with regret.

“By the way, what happens when their assessment becomes +100, Kagami-san?”

“They will let you ride them.”

“Throw them away.”

Alice admitted defeat with a blank look and no doubt could be seen at all. However, their current situation was that they had to hurry along, and since they would enter Salumeria, they needed to hide Menou. They had the carriage and a Blue Devil’s horn, so they would continue to use the Kenta-Uros. Kagami would, to the best of his ability, avoid allowing his figure to be seen by them.

By the way, Takako was the driver.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 7




Although they headed towards Salumeria, they took detours to steer clear of any cities along the way, since Menou’s magic power was leaking out, and kept him hidden inside the carriage. Contrary to their expectations, due the Kenta-Uros’ abnormal Stamina and Power, they arrived at Salumeria in five days, without any problems.

“It’s finally in sight…how nostalgic.”

Takako muttered as if she felt a deep emotion from something that happened long ago. Alice, who was riding on the carriage, also reacted, saying “Wow……!”, and appeared from inside the carriage after they finally arrived with a smile and high expectations of what was inside Salumeria.

Kagami, who had already been there many times, and Menou, who had seen it from the sky countless times, didn’t direct their expressionless gazes at Salumeria but at Takako. Afterall, the sight of her was more amazing than Salumeria.

By the time they arrived at Salumeria, Takako was no longer driving the carriage. Instead, she was riding on the back of the Kenta-Uros. The oddity of this sight could no longer be described with words.

“Still, it’s surprising that it was such a smooth journey. I thought there would been more trouble.”

Kagami muttered sleepily before they drew near the giant gate in front of them.

“Even if we encountered humans, they would have been deceived, and if Monsters appeared, Kagami-dono and Takako-dono would have defeated them in an instant.”

“Well, wouldn’t it be a hindrance to have the Demon King Army appear before us? Something like one of the Four Heavenly Kings appearing and saying 『We won’t allow you to go into the Demon King’s Castle!』That’s what happens in manga, isn’t it?”

“The Demon King’s Army has a different goal, so they won’t try to defeat us or have a reason to come here. However, the Hero’s party may attack us…By the way, Kagami-dono, what’s a manga?”

“I’ll tell you about it after we’re finished with what we’re doing.”

“Really? Kagami-Dono! Well…but, if the Demon King Army is really moving according to the Demon King’s will…Gunuu…What should I do?”

Kagami unwittingly smiled when he saw Menou’s distress while saying that.

“It’s fine to not worry about it right now. Just think about it when the time comes.”

At least, Menou was fine with learning about manga in the future. Even if he knew only that, it was enough for Kagami to be perfectly satisfied. At the same time, the shy Alice smiled as she looked at Menou and Kagami.

“Menou-chan, it’s about time to hide your face so please wear that cloth. Be careful to never show your face while we’re in the city.”

“A-Ah. Sorry Takako-dono.”

Receiving Takako’s pointer, Menou put on the cloth to hide his face inside the carriage.

At the very last moment, Menou faced Alice and muttered, “Don’t worry about it, have fun”, and Alice happily replied back with a “Yeah!”

“Let’s go inside~”

They approached one of the two gates located on the east and west side of Salumeria, which was surrounded by the giant wall. As they arrived at the East Gate, Takako called out one more time to confirm their entry into the city.

The East Gate was always open to everyone, even if a giant Dragon was passing by; in case a dangerous and suspicious person tried to pass through, the Fort City’s exclusive gatekeepers were stationed in front of the gate. Since they stood on the east side to stop any nearby monsters from entering, one could generally pass through without being stopped.

As for the Kenta-Uros, there were very few merchants who handled them, and since they were well known for not being dangerous, it was normal for them to not be stopped.

“Wait a minute. You…are suspicious, where did you come from?”

One of the gatekeepers looked at them, since there was a woman that looked like a muscular man riding on top of a Kenta-Uros that was pulling the carriage, and stopped them just as they tried to pass through.

Kagami, who had thought this would happen, got off the carriage as he sighed.

When Takako directed a look full of killing intent at the gatekeeper, despite not understanding that they were stopped, Kagami immediately forced his way in between them and intervened, since the two of them weren’t paying attention to him.

“We’re Adventurers who came from Balman with some goods. There’s nothing suspicious about us.”

After Kagami says this, he displays a portion of his Status Window, which showed that he was a human who hadn’t committed any crimes. He then began to move while snarling, as if he was considering something and the gatekeeper, who saw this, showed a look of distrust.

“…Hm? Strange. What’s inside the carriage? I can feel something like a Demon’s magic power?”

“Just my little sister and the Blue Devil horn we picked up along the way here. We obtained a large quantity of it. Since there wasn’t anything to store it in, it was placed out in the open.”

They had decided the method of dealing with this kind of development before they were stopped, and Alice appeared from within the carriage while holding a Blue Devil horn in one of her hands. It flickered in the gatekeeper’s eyes, as if it were being reflected.

“Little sister…? She appears to be quite young…Can she fight?”

“She doesn’t really fight. Originally, she was brought along because she said she wanted to go to Salumeria. She only joined us for sightseeing. Look, this city is one of the most bustling places in the country, right?”

Listening to Kagami, the gatekeeper gazed at Alice, who appeared from the carriage, with suspicion. But, after Alice showed him a smile for a while, he concluded that there was no harm and signaled them to continue along by moving his neck.

“Sorry for stopping you. If the purpose is sightseeing, then please go enjoy it. We’re now in the midst of grand festivities. Things like parades are happening everyday.”

Beside them was Takako, who began to move into the city as she instructed the Kenta-Uros, and as she tried to continue along, Kagami came to a halt as the Gatekeeper said that.

Kagami, who had originally visited Salumeria countless times, tilted his neck towards the Gatekeeper with confusion as he listened to the word ‘parade’, which stopped him.

“A parade? At a time like this?”

Even if Salumeria was the liveliest city within the country, it was strange to have festivities on the scale of a parade everyday, since they usually only happened two or three times a year.

Events like parades were used to try and liven things up throughout the whole city, although there was no need to put on that much of a performance and occupy the city’s main street, even if it was the anniversary of Salumeria’s founding day.

“It’s about what happened the other day. There were guys who spoke about the Demons of the Demon King Army beginning their invasion without any news at all, and although Salumeria had already been attacked several times…The whole battle was a complete victory! With the Demon King, as well as the Demon King Army, being seen as a trivial threat now, a large scale Demon King subjugation unit is being formed. The parade is a preparatory celebration to pray for good luck for those who are going out to fight.”

Hearing that, Kagami’s expression slightly stiffened.

“That…When will the Demon King Army Subjugation Unit depart?”

“Tomorrow. They were honoring the Warriors yesterday, and today those volunteering to fight decided to depart tomorrow morning. When they come back from subjugating the Demon King, there will be another parade. You won’t be bored if you stay in this city for a while, you know?”

As things had progressed significantly further than what he had thought, Kagami rushed to where Takako was, his back facing the Gatekeeper, as his expression became cloudy and restless. Even if the Demon King Subjugators headed towards Demon King’s Castle now, Kagami was convinced they would either be totally annihilated or, at the very best, return back half-empty.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 8




In the first place, Monsters weren’t required to put in effort to grow and get stronger like humans.

Monsters were at a high level the moment they were born. Although there weren’t many Spawn Block dungeons that spawned Monsters on Atros Island, the Monsters that were born there all had high levels.

Additionally, the number of these Monsters could be increased by any amount if the Demons became worried about an attack. Although there hadn’t been a need to increase the number of Monsters until now, if the Monsters were being treated as tools of an invasion, the Demons would doubtlessly mass produce Monsters.

If the invasions until now were just a diversion, there was a possibility that the Demons were holding back a large number of Monsters, in order to conduct a full-scale invasion on the nation of Hexal Doria as a whole. There was still the Demon King as well, who was said to have defeated 100 human Adventurers, who had all been under Level 100 and banded together in order to fight him.

If their goal was to defeat the Demon King, it was fine to venture into the Demon King’s Castle with a small number of humans who specialized in assassination, but that wouldn’t be possible if their opponent was the Demon King Army.

Although Kagami didn’t think that the Adventurers in Salumeria were weak, their chance of winning was low. If one thought about trying to oppose overwhelmingly strong warriors that couldn’t be killed, the number of Adventurers in Salumeria wasn’t enough.

“But, I wonder if there’s no other way but to go to that place we visited earlier? As long as the people in Salumeria don’t lose their will to fight, won’t they eventually go attack them?”

“This is my plan. First, after sneaking into the Demon King’s Castle, we will meet with the Demon King. After listening to his situation, we stop the Demon King Army by persuading them, then run away with all of the Demon guys. Flawless, I know.”

Takako let out a sigh and snorted at the shallowness of the plan that Kagami was so eager about.

“Listen…What would you do if the Demon King wants to attack humans? We will have to make up our minds at that point in time, right? It’s useless to live on while demons who want to try and eliminate humans remain.”

As Alice and Menou, who were inside of the carriage, listened to the conversation of the two who were walking outside of the carriage, their expressions grew clouded.

If that did happen, it would be necessary for Alice and Menou to consider what to do and prepare themselves. Although Menou didn’t have any plans on fighting in order to defeat the humans, unlike previously when he had been in the Demon King Army, he couldn’t think of ever becoming an enemy of Kagami and Takako. It wasn’t because their true abilities were high, but because, despite the short time they had spent together, he thought that Takako and Kagami were good people. After spending so much time with them, he knew that they did not hate Demons..

At that time, Alice, too, would have to give up on becoming friends with humans. However, whenever she thought of opposing Takako and Kagami, she felt a pain in her chest.

“I’ll also accept that fate at that time and prepare myself for the worst. However, only as the Third Army.”

Kagami’s remark made the two’s eyes spin.

“Third Army? What is that?”

“The Demon King Army, the Human Army, and the Coexistence Army with Demons and humans. I’ll enter it. People like Alice and Takako-chan are in it. Surely they will gather, to some extent. They will resist the others without fighting and compromise with them if possible.”

After listening to this, Alice smiled, as if she were relieved.

“Yes, yes~ I also want to enter that army!”

Alice cheerfully raised her hand and said that as she made her appearance from inside the carriage.

“Oh? Well, I planned that for you…is it fine? Even if you oppose your father?”

“Although I would hate to fight with my father…it’s fine. The present is different. Even though I had thought of trying it before, my father hadn’t built friendly relations with any humans. Since I’m now together with Kagami-san’s group, I want to try it.”

“Ku, such a cute girl. I’ll buy you some candy later, okay?”

Kagami gave her a thumbs up as a ‘good sign’ when he heard Alice, who was beaming with joy, say that.

Seeing the two of them, Takako muttered ‘If that’s so, I’ll also enter it for you’ as she smiled. Meanwhile, inside the carriage, Menou was distressed.

Despite having already decided on what to do, he had been thinking of distressful things like “It’s absolutely wrong to betray Demon King-sama, but if Alice-sama, who is the daughter of the Demon King, is there, this will be…!”

“If you apologized to humans by placing your head onto the ground, there would be no need for you to enter that Army, since you are friends with Takako, Menou.”

“Ah, I’ll have to pass on that. Please return to your post.”

“…Minus seven points.”

Kagami’s group entered Salumeria as they spoke about such things.

At that moment, they forgot that Alice was still talking and their mouths dropped open, due to their surprise at the overwhelming sight.

Contrary to the dreary outer walls, the dimensions inside the city were nothing like what they had seen until now. Seemingly new, well-kept houses were lined up in their view, and the scenery that spread out before them made it seem like it was a town of human nobles that had only ever been heard of in books about Demons.

The streets were wide, to the extent that they could clearly understand that the houses were spread out for several kilometers, and that every street was full of people. There were a large number of merchants running their own stalls, and there appeared to be Adventurers amongst them, although they seemed like regular commonfolk.

Although Alice had been impressed by the scenery in Balman, she was much more impressed by this.

It wasn’t just merchants who had their stalls open on the streets. There were also houses lined up here and there, letting out a nice aroma that made one’s stomach growl without thinking, and since there were lots of people going in and out of them, they could understand that the buildings that looked like houses were being managed in some way.

Despite the fact that there were so many people, it seemed like the spaciousness of this town hadn’t just been a tale, since they didn’t feel that it was narrow like Balman. Surely the Fort City Salumeria had used up all of the land that existed between Atros Island and the mainland of Hexal Doria.

A moat that was connected to the sea could be seen here and there within the city. Clear, pristine water was flowing inside of it, and a sense of freshness was drifting in the air.

“Your mouth is so wide open, and this is just a normal street. The main street, which is holding the parade, is wider, you know?”

“Amazing…It’s amazing, Kagami-san!”

Unfortunately, they weren’t free to leisurely stay in Salumeria, so Kagami’s group aimed for Salumeria’s west gate, which had the other exit and entrance. Alice, whose eyes had been shining, dropped her expression and became slightly regretful, as though it was unfortunate.

“Well, I told you not to make such a face. No matter what result it will become, after this is over, it’s fine for you to come again.”

Kagami lightly chopped her head, as if it was meant to calm her down, when he saw her expression and showed her a smile to make her feel relieved. The shy Alice immediately smiled back and said ‘Yeah!’ with a big voice as those feelings disappeared.

“Ugh, I’ve given up hope.”

After half an hour, Kagami’s group dawdled and idly wasted their time on top of their beds in one of the many inns inside Salumeria.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 9




Outside of the inn, the Kenta-Uros were devouring rose-shaped broccoli and Menou was waiting on standby, wearing the cloth, as he chewed his bread.

“We don’t know when the Demon King Army will come to attack again, so the west gate will probably be completely sealed off until the Demon King Army Subjugation Unit leaves.”

Takako let out a sigh of dissatisfaction as she said that, while holding a tea cup and sitting in her chair elegantly. Kagami and Alice were rolling about idly on their beds.

Kagami’s group had headed towards the west gate but they were unfortunately sent back by the gatekeepers who were there. They tried to persuade them many times, but the gatekeepers refused to open the gate for them, replying with a ‘Wait until tomorrow.’

Although they said it would normally be fine for them to briefly open and close the gate, it seemed that several Monsters were already surging forward. Even though there weren’t enough of them for it to be an invasion, opening the gate would cause damage, so they were sent back.

“Though I could end it by going out for a little bit and beating the crap out of all of them…”

“It’s impossible. No matter how strong Kagami-chan is, they can’t think of shouldering the risk of danger if the gate is opened. Either way, if you had the authority to make those guys change their decision, there probably wouldn’t be gatekeepers there.”

“Ueeh, my only choice is to do a ‘Super Dash’ as they open the gate tomorrow.”

Alice was unable to contain herself while listening to the two of them speak, so, in order to calm down her heart, she rolled around on top of her bed, imitating Kagami.

“Can’t calm down?”

Kagami asked when he saw her.

“Not really. But, I can’t help being worried…right?”

Kagami stared at Alice, who showed him a smile as she idly rolled around.

Although she certainly was restless, she was somehow relieved. While Kagami was idly stuck at the inn, she had somehow managed to understand the situation they were in without asking him. At least, Kagami wouldn’t take it easy as long as he hadn’t given up. This was proof for her trust, which would make Alice do her best. However, since she couldn’t calm down, she was idling about.

“You understand it well. When it can’t be helped, it’s fine to act after figuring out the best course of action. In this case, it’s fine to arrive a day later. Although I wanted to go quickly, considering that event…Since the Demon King Army Subjugation Unit is taking action as a group, they will need to take time to arrive there.”

He added ‘I don’t think that the situation will be greatly changed we delayed our departure by just one day’. Kagami then began to relax again and rolled around on his bed without restraint.

“Hey, Kagami-chan, since you’re a bad influence on Alice, please stop her shameless imitations.”

“No, no, this is an amazing resting action which will let you relax, including your heart and mind, right? It’s the Long-Awaited Plans Modification. No, is it as planned? It means that I’ll rest my body as much as possible, since it’s been decided that we’ll be resting for a day. I’d rather want to take a chance with this skill.”

“Jeez. If you’re bored, wouldn’t it be fine to walk around the city? They’re also holding a Parade, so why don’t the two of you go there? Anyhow, it doesn’t matter what you do until tomorrow.”

Takako brought the teacup back up to her mouth and let out a sigh, as if in a trance, as she said “Ara…this black tea is quite delicious.” Kagami made a grim face when he saw her.

“I see. Certainly, it seems easier to relax outside like this.”

Kagami, who received a bit of mental damage and didn’t want to take any more, accepted Takako’s proposal and stood up, getting off of the bed.

“Takako-chan won’t come?”

“I’ll pass on it. Menou appears to be cute when he’s alone, so as long as we have this black tea, there will be plenty of enjoyment here…The two of you seem like you will enjoy it. Kagami-chan also likes festivities, right?”

Kagami scratched his head as if embarrassed. Although he was complaining from the bottom of his heart, thinking ‘Even though I’m no longer at an age where I can really enjoy Parades’, as if he was being treated like a child, Takako had experience with handling people and knew that he was like a child, despite him being 27 years old, so he didn’t say anything.

“Yosh, shall we go?”

As Kagami said that, he pulled up Alice, who had been lying down on the bed, as if it were natural.

Although Alice looked at Kagami like she was in a daze, when she was aware that his actions were close to being intimate, she immediately grasped his hand and, with a ‘Yeah!’, smiled as she left the room together with him.

“A world where it’s possible to take the hand of a Demon…? It might not be a dream.”

Takako muttered in a low voice as she watched the two of them rush out of the inn and head towards the city’s main street from the bay windows. When Kagami had opened the door to her bar, which had nobody at its entrance, and said ‘Leave the escort of the Demons to me’ at Balman, she had thought that something was wrong. She now clearly understood the feelings of the man who had previously not wanted to cooperate with her and only had a hobby of collecting gold.

“Well, if he and the Monsters understood each other, it would be even more simpler than trying it with Demons.”

She said that with a smile as she picked up one of the whips that were placed on top of the table. After placing the teacup on top of the table, Takako also left the room, with the goal of securing food supplies for their newly added companions.

//

“Ice cream…Exactly what type of food is ice cream!?”

“Calm down, Alice-tan. If you want to eat some ice cream, you need to remember the correct way to eat it. You don’t want to become a genuine Pastry Terrorist like me, do you?”

“Pastry Terrorist…I want a second name too!”

After they left the inn, Kagami and Alice, who returned to the city’s street, tried to refresh themselves with a meal.

After listening to what Alice wanted to eat, since when they had eaten the black beef previously, Kagami had said that they could only eat it at a human town, they headed towards a restaurant. As they walked, Kagami taught her his favorite foods one by one.

“There is a way to eat ice cream by sinking your teeth into it with a ‘Paku’, but it’s said to be embarrassing, since it’s childish, so that’s no good. That is heresy. The true way to enjoy it is to savor the ice cream one lick at a time, with a ‘Peropero’. There’s a lot of adults who don’t understand this, you know? It’s useless for Alice to become that kind of an adult.”

“Enjoying it…by savoring it one lick at a time. Yeah, I understand, Kagami-san!”

“Well, that’s only after dinner, for dessert. The meal is usually spaghetti…”

The moment Kagami entered a store that had pictures of Pasta hanging from a sign, he stopped what he was saying with a ‘Wow~…’. His expression turned bitter, as if he had seen something that he didn’t want to see.

Kagami could see four people sitting at a table inside of the store, enjoying the aroma with a relaxed look. Rex was vigorously stuffing food down his throat, Krul and Tina were eating classy food, and Palna was raising a coffee cup that had been brought out to her mouth.

Shortly after, a healthy waitress lady called out to Kagami with a ‘Welcome~’. Sure enough, when Rex reacted to her voice and looked at the entrance for a moment, he realized that it was Kagami and spat out his pasta.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 10




“Hey…so messy, Rex. Let Kuu-chan teach you how to eat.”

Tina and Krul’s eyes popped out in astonishment when they saw Rex suddenly spit out his food, while Palna was disgusted. Rex immediately apologized with a ‘Sorry’ and wiped his mouth with one of the provided napkins.

“How many people?”

Kagami firmly gazed at them with an empty face, as if he had discovered something annoying when he saw such a scene, while he was being welcomed by the waitress.

“Zero. Thanks for the meal.”

After Kagami replied with that, he made an about-face and tried to leave the store, grabbing the doorknob at the entrance with his hand and pulling Alice along. However, as he tried to leave with the words ‘Ah, I’m full with just the aroma~’, before he could take one step outside of the store, he was forcibly grabbed by the shoulder. Rex was standing behind him with a smile that seemed to be saying ‘I got you’.

“He’s with me. I’ll guide him in, so it’s fine for you to stop there.”

“Yes sir. Please seat yourself and I will immediately bring a glass of water.”

After Rex said that, the waitress politely bowed her head and hurriedly disappeared behind the counter. Rex continued to silently stare at Kagami and, after glancing at Alice once, moved his head, as if telling them to follow him, and walked towards the table with Krul’s group.

After they realized why Rex had stood up from his seat, Tina and Palna stared angrily at Kagami, with slightly furrowed brows. When Krul noticed the change in their appearance, she finally realized that he was Kagami.

However, Kagami ignored them and left the store, taking Alice with him.

“AaaaAAAH! They ran away againnnn!”

Tina immediately rose and pointed at them as she cried out.

“But, is it normal for them to run away in this situation? Just how much of a fool is that villager going to make out of us!”

The moment Kagami fled right before her eyes, Palna jumped out of her seat and chased after him.

Rex had decided, with great pain, to cool off by shaking his head, so when he saw Palna chase after Kagami, he made a confused expression and said ‘Eh?’, as if he didn’t understand what had occurred.

“Hero-sama should also quickly chase after him! I’ll pay for everything!”

Tina shouted at Rex, who was standing still, as if he didn’t understand the situation. He finally began to chase after Kagami when he understood that Kagami had run away. When he got out of the store, he saw Palna, who had her arms folded and had a bitter expression, as if she were sullen.

“He escaped. That Villager’s legs are too quick! Jeez…What the hell were you doing, Rex!”

“Don’t panic. Even if the only thing we know is that they’re still in this city, isn’t that plenty?”

As they were looking at their surroundings that were devoid of the Villager, discouraged and at a loss of what to do, Krul and Tina left the store after paying the bill and reunited with them.

“It was worth it to let the horses run quickly so we could arrive before the Demon King Army moved. At the very least, that Villager who has a connection with the Demon King surely won’t head out of the city until tomorrow.”

“So what? What will you do? We will also join the Demon King Army Subjugation Unit, right? We only have to until tomorrow to find him. Where do you plan to look inside this huge city?”

Palna approached Rex as she said that, as if charging him with the responsibility of letting Kagami run away. Sweat dripped down Rex’s forehead as he hadn’t thought of a good plan to search for Kagami within this huge city.

“It’s fine if the residents of this city search for him. If we tell them that a Demon has entered the city and tell them it’s features, they will certainly find them tomorrow morning.”

“Then, let’s stop for now.”

Regardless of whether this plan was a good idea or not, Rex immediately replied to Palna, who had said that confidently, with a serious look. These unexpected words caused Palna to furrow her brows for a moment, seeming unhappy, and glared at Rex.

“Although I understand your feelings, the ones who would be at a disadvantage by cornering them is us.”

“What do you mean by that?”

When Rex said that, as if he were trying to calm down Palna, Tina asked for the meaning of his words while tilting her small head.

“HE is a monster. Although I don’t want to admit it…he’s strong to the extent that people like us wouldn’t be his opponents, if you think about it. I don’t know how things would turn out, even if he was driven into a corner. He might choose to run from this city.”

Whether or not he was confident that such a situation would happen, Rex said that with a regretful look.

“I see…the cityfolk would rampage while trying to find him and it might get dangerous.”

“I don’t think that’s it.”

Similarly, Krul interfered with their conversation while looking sad, as if she was convinced that it might be the case.

“If we were the ones who cornered him by rampaging, we surely would have faced danger a long time ago. Although they are insolent people who protect Demons…I don’t think they are bad.”

Palna sighed in amazement at Krul’s words.

“Kuu-chan, you…do you understand what you’re saying? He is an ally of Demons, right? With a Demon that attacked Balman, no less. Who cares if he’s not a bad person?”

“It’s true that I don’t know his intentions. However…he did talk with us.”

“So what?”

“Instead of counterattacking us, who didn’t understand his ideals, he opted to escape. At least, I don’t think he is trying to force his ideals onto us to try and make us understand. He just wants us to understand him…I think he is such a person.”

Palna stayed silent as she thought of unpleasant things in her heart in response to Krul’s expression and words, who appeared to be distressed about the situation.

“Even with his standing as a Villager, he gets angry, as if he were being looked down on…”

Rex muttered with a dissatisfied look, whether or not he understood it in the same way.

“If that’s so…then why are we chasing after that Villager? That child…seems to be the Demon King’s daughter, and whether or not he handed over that Demon, I thought that we would catch that Villager in order to mark him as a criminal. In any case, if we already know that it’s useless to catch him, isn’t it fine to leave them alone?”

“Of course, our number one goal is to defeat the Demon King. It won’t change the fact that Demons are existences that must be defeated. However, I am genuinely worried about whether he is an ally of Demons. Just from the way he speaks as if he is always worried about us, we don’t know what he is thinking.”

Tina muttered, “Now that you mention it, he always just leaves us hints and doesn’t answer us, saying ‘Try realizing it yourself!’ and such”, in admiration of Krul’s words.

“What do you know? What if he is allying with Demons, who are planning something? Since he has reached such a powerful state, he may be aware of their plans. I think he has something that we don’t know about.”

Dissatisfied, Palna muttered ‘What would you do if he knows’ towards Krul as she gazed directly into her eyes, and then turned her head a second time as she sighed.

“Although we’ve thought of various things…these few days, whether or not those thoughts are expressed, I want to properly listen to him. This time, it will be formal, since I’ve calmed down.”

“I, too, have things I want to ask.”

Rex muttered as if he approved of her decision.

“But, there is no need to persist against that guy. Our goal of defeating the Demon King won’t change, after all. With the current situation of the Demon King Army invading, this won’t cause us to waver. It doesn’t matter, even if we leave one or two Demons alone.”

“What? It couldn’t be that Rex is going to suggest a plan where we do not defeat Demons?”

Palna approached Rex while staring when she heard his words, which were different from the past, when he had bared his fangs with the most hostility in the group. However, Rex laughed at Palna’s question.

“Is there such an excuse? Since we have things we want to ask, we only need to search for him. If we don’t find him before tomorrow, it’s fine to leave him alone for the moment. Anyways, let’s form parties and search for him as we describe what those two look like.”

As Palna said ‘My, my’ as if she were slightly relieved, she acknowledged his proposal.

“Though, Hero-sama will be forgiven if you work with us and don’t run away.”

“Gu…about that…sorry.”

In the end, they continued to walk as they headed towards the city’s main street in order to search for Kagami, who was hiding somewhere in Salumeria, as Rex hung his head at Tina’s harsh words.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 11




“I wonder if it was a good idea…running away from them.”

“I already said that it’s fine, it was a bad situation because they were cautious. Besides, if you were caught, it would have become an unreasonably annoying situation, you know? Those guys won’t listen to us properly.”

After leaving the shop, Kagami picked up Alice and ran away using his full strength until they arrived at a section of the main street. Rather than walking as before, the people on the street were going to and fro rather forcefully, and it had become a situation where it was easy to mix in with the crowd and hide.

Kagami was deep inside one of the side streets, within the vicinity of the main street, and thanks to the people who were gathered to watch the parade, the main street had been packed with many people, to the point that Kagami couldn’t be picked out.

Meanwhile, Kagami bought a hot dog at a nearby stall, which he handed to Alice.

“We’ll have spaghetti another time. Please bear with what happened today.”

“Thank you, Kagami-san…What is this? What do you call this?”

“Ah? You don’t know what a hot dog is either? It’s a simple food that has a sausage placed in a bun. Though the types of vegetables and sauces you put on it depends on the stand.”

After Alice listened to his explanation, she muttered ‘Hee~’ as if she was impressed, and then she opened her mouth widely, digging into the hot dog. At that moment, she widened her now sparkling eyes, and with a blistering speed, she chewed and swallowed it. After looking at Kagami, she replied with “It’s really delicious!”

Seeing Alice begin vigorously eating the hot dog like a hamster, Kagami unintentionally revealed a smile. Even though it was something he had grown accustomed to eating everyday, after seeing her eat it happily and call it delicious, he realized that this pleasure was different than usual. While he thought about that, Kagami also began to dig into his hot dog, just like Alice.

“Fuah~ Thanks for the meal.”

“You’re a quick eater. You ate it just like a hamster.”

“But it was so good.”

As he said this, he noticed Alice showing him a satisfied smile, and then Kagami also sighed, as if he were satisfied in the same way. Afterwards, he saw his own hotdog that he’d just bit into and felt bad about having her wait for him to finish, so he ordered ice cream from the stall for Alice. After he muttered ‘This is what I talked about,’ when he handed it over, Alice’s eye glittered once again. Since the ice cream was swirled into a spiral on top of the cone, she began to lick it elegantly like Kagami described.

“What do you guys normally eat as Demons? Don’t you get to eat good food since you’re the Demon King’s daughter?”

“There isn’t a need to worry about food. Normally it’s something like vegetables…sometimes boar and deer meat? But, because there are little to no seasonings, there aren’t that many variations. The food in human towns have a lot of new flavors!”

As she said this, Alice showed him another smile. After Kagami was satisfied by her expression, he began to walk with Alice, trying to stay clear of the main street. After a while, something he got used to seeing often as he passed through Balman appeared in Kagami’s view.

Despite it being daytime, there was a bizarre sign illuminated with neon lights. It was common for banks, the Quest Guild and other facilities that operate across the country to use such signs. This one in particular was a special recreational facility that only the really rich could use. It was a Game Center, which had always existed since ancient times.

“Now that I think about it…this town has one too.”

Alice also noticed the strange building when she looked at Kagami, who had suddenly stopped moving.

“What…is that, Kagami-san?”

“A Game Center.”

After Kagami muttered that, he revealed a grin and suggested “Let’s go stop by for a bit.” Alice definitely wouldn’t refuse the invitation, and trotted along, holding ice-cream in one of her hands as she followed Kagami into the Game Center.

At that moment, Alice’s eyes widened and glittered once again. When they entered the center, loud sounds from the game machines filled their ears, and the colorful lights combined with the variety of game machines naturally drew their attention.

“Every one of them has a different type of game, and although the cost of 100 Silver for one session is expensive, it’s reasonable for the time that would be spent if you’re here….Well, it’s just a recreational facility.”

“One session is 100 Silver!? Isn’t that expensive?”

Kagami informed Alice, who was standing in at the entrance of the Game Center in a daze, and she replied with a surprised expression.

“Well, since the energy consumed by the game machines is rather high, the price was probably set up to compensate for that. The guys who play are quite wealthy, no?”

After he said that, Alice checked their surroundings and realized that the people playing the games in front of those practical machines were all rather good-looking. Although there were also those who weren’t good-looking, they were only loitering around watching from behind the people who were playing instead of playing themselves. After seeing such people in a daze, Kagami said from the side, “After all, it’s free for those who only want to enter,” and she assented with an “I see.”

“Want to give one a try?”

“I-It’s fine! I would just be borrowing money, even though it’s 100 Silver, and you also took care of various things, like our meals. I can’t cause you any more trouble than this.”

When she said this, Kagami recalled the debt he’d forgotten about, since their goal had changed from an escort mission to visiting the Demon King’s Castle. Although he wasn’t really worried about it, he gave her a smile and said, “Is that so? Well, since I’ll let you pay it off, let’s do it another time,” believing he’d be barking up the wrong tree if she were to borrow more against her will.

However, it seemed like she at least had an interest in the games, and since she wanted to see, he decided to watch from behind as other people played.

The game units consisted of video games that were displayed on a monitor, those that let you feel movements as you rode them and moved around, and games where you pressed buttons to match a rhythm. Alice held an interest for all of them and smiled happily like someone who was waiting to play.

“Kagami-san, what type of games do you like?”

“I like fighting games, since if you win, you can always play another round without having to pay.”

While Kagami said that, he moved in front of one of the game machines he usually played. Compared to the other games, there were a lot more people watching, and they were cheering enthusiastically. Those who were playing were also so engrossed that their expressions changed frequently, and they shouted if they were victorious, while they hung their heads and hit the machines if they lost.

Although Alice expressed her interest of the spectacle with an “Ooh!,” she noticed a video game machine located separately in the corner of the Game Center and gazed at it. Nobody was surrounding it, and whether or not the location was bad, nobody looked at it.

“Hey Kagami-san, why is that one placed in the corner like that?”

“That one is different from the others, and it charges by time. Ten minutes is 100 Silver. You need to train to get stronger so that you can defeat enemies, and you end up spending a ridiculous amount of time to clear it.

“What’s the game like?”

Although she asked out of mere curiosity, Kagami’s expression stiffened and he hesitated to answer as though it would be difficult.

“…It’s an RPG. A role-playing game.”

He muttered it as if he found it unpleasant to say it.

“Role-playing…game?”

“It’s simple, it’s a game where you form a party just like you do in this world. You clear the game by raising characters with roles that you like, defeat monsters to get stronger, and defeat the Demon King.”

“That’s…interesting? It doesn’t seem like we should bother trying that Game.”

“Well at least the characters have a Status like we do, and as for its value, it might be fun since both you and the enemies are born with advantages and disadvantages. You also need to use your head to think about favorable conditions, otherwise you will lose.”

The expression Kagami wore while he spoke suggested that he didn’t enjoy it at all, and even though he burst out laughing as he added “Though it’s disagreeable to not have a Villager as a Role,” Alice had a feeling that she knew what he didn’t like about it since a part of him was different and tried to ask about it.

However, at that moment a large amount of loud cheering and the sound of music booming from outside could be heard clearly by those inside the Game Center.

“Oh, it looks like the parade has started. Shall we go?”

“Y-Yeah.”

Replying to Kagami, who held out his hand, she held back the words she had tried to say, deciding that it wasn’t anything important, and departed from the Game Center.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 12




A resounding cheer that was much louder than the one inside the Game Center reached their ears when they stepped outside. The people who were walking in the streets ran off towards the main street, and the people who were holding goods bought from the stalls watched excitedly, smiling as if their hearts were floating with happiness.

“Papa! Hurry, hurry!”

Groups of parents and children, couples, and other such people had all headed off towards the main street. Seeing this, Alice, who didn’t know about activities like parades, restlessly stared at Kagami and lightly tugged at the hem of his clothes. She had strong feelings against being pushy and troubling him.

Kagami, who understood this from seeing her, burst out laughing as he said “It’s alright to act like a brat,” and then headed towards the main street while holding Alice’s hand.

“Am…azingggg!”

As they had expected, there were plenty of festivities taking place as they arrived at the main street. People in the main street Square formed a long line around a giant, slow moving object that was carrying various people. The townspeople who walked along the road threw their hands up as they enthusiastically cheered for the warriors that were mixed into the parade.While walking down the main street, children performed a dance, as if to guide the object used to transport the warriors in the parade. Their performance filled the hearts of those watching in the vicinity with great vigor.

Even though all they did was stand, their spirits were uplifted by the completely noisy atmosphere, as if an order had descended from the heavens. Influenced by the atmosphere and buried in the crowd of people, Alice pranced around with a ‘pyon, pyon’, like a rabbit, and yelled.

“Amazing! It’s amazing Kagami-san!”

“Although you’re bouncing around with a ‘pyon pyon’, can you even see it?”

“I can’t see it at all! But, somehow, that big thing they’re riding is moving, it’s, um… amazing!”

As she said that, Alice continued to gaze at the large object that was carrying people while feeling something that couldn’t be put into words. Even so, Kagami, who didn’t want to get irritated by her constant ‘pyon pyon’ bouncing in order to see everything, lifted her up onto his shoulders with a grunt.

Although Alice blushed in embarrassment at being picked up, she immediately and obediently spoke her gratitude, “Thank you, Kagami-san!”

“Still, just how many Adventurers are going to try and fight.”

“But…it’s not as many as I had thought. I had thought there would be several thousands.”

“The guys who were invited to the Parade are just a small portion of them, right? Whether or not the others are spectating, aren’t the truly powerful guys gathering their spirits in a quiet place right now?”

When Kagami said this, the parade line suddenly halted, the performers switched to rhythmical music, and the children who had been dancing to the previous rhythm began another dance. Beside them, carried in the hands of the Adventurers, a big reinforced wooden box was mixed in with the parade.

After the box was placed in the center of the wide space between the performers and the large object, everyone except for two Adventurers immediately scattered to the left and right.

“What’s about to begin?”

Not replying to Alice’s question, Kagami, who could generally predict the outcome, only looked at the movements of the two adventurers, who reeked of idiocy.

Immediately after, one of the two Adventurers who was left near the wooden box broke the seal and slid the key inside the box’s lock. A four-legged Monster with a green shell and skin that emitted a pale light similar to iron armor appeared from inside. The yellow light of its eyes penetrated the darkness of the box and a strange roar filled the air, as if it wished to make others cover their ears as it came out.

What came out was a Monster, a Grapple Blogger around Level 24 that was worthless even to the active Adventurers in the area, since its size couldn’t even compare to that of a domesticated pig.

The other Adventurer, who had been on stand-by, drew out a sword from the sheath on his waist and took a stance against the Monster. Immediately afterwards, the Monster charged at the sword wielding Adventurer.

Rather than avoiding the charge, the Adventurer used his sword to parry from the front and shook off the Monster, knocking it away. After that, he swung his sword downward without flinching and stabbed the Monster, transforming it into gold.

After reaching the climax, the observers standing at the side of the road were in a craze, shouting cheers of joy. There were even those who shouted “Nice, Nice!” and “The Demon King’s Army is such a worthless opponent!” and the like.

Then, after the Adventurer that had opened the wooden box collected the gold, the child dancers and performers that had scattered gathered together again, and the parade began to advance.

“W-what was that just now Kagami-san? Everyone was making a racket, yet it looks like the parade has done it in multiples spots…”

“That was a demonstration that relieves the audience by asserting power, but it indirectly says that we will win against the Demon King’s Army. Although it isn’t something bad, it leaves a bad taste.”

A trembling Alice replied with an “I-is that so,” to Kagami. Although it wasn’t Demons who were being killed, she couldn’t help but be perplexed by such a scene. It was as if they were indirectly baring their teeth against Demons in hostility. Kagami sighed.

Immediately after, the parade stopped advancing once again, and just like before, the child dancers and the performers scattered.

After a while, a sound sliced through the air around them, , then with a ‘Zudo!,’ a dull sound rang out as the concrete ground was destroyed. A Monster with a giant body, several times larger than the Grabble Blogger from earlier, leapt out from the concrete fragments and then fell back down from the sky.

Although it walked on four legs just like the Grapple Blogger did, it was extremely scary to look at. Its overwhelming power was evident by the size of its fully-grown mane, which resembled the mane of more than half of the Beasts in the main street, its tough jaw that could easily pulverize a lump of iron, the giant fangs protruding from its jaw, and its jet black body which was reflecting light.

Since its appearance was too sudden, there were those who fled, screaming out in alarm, after seeing its large body.

“It’s fine, it’s fine! Beat its ass, Adventurer-samas!”

“Haah~…So far the monsters have all been killed. The Adventurers right now are amazing to be able to defeat such a scary Monster. But, is it normal for it to come falling from the sky?”

“Well, it’s not a problem, even if this was an attack from the Demon King’s Army. At best, this is just a normal confrontation to them.”

This, too, was just one of the events to them, and because there were those who thought that the Adventurers would handle it somehow, even if someone thought it was dangerous, they wouldn’t try to run away. Instead, just like earlier, they cheered enthusiastically for the Adventurers that were lining up in the middle.

“Hey, hey…Ain’t this bad?”

Amongst the crowd, only Kagami had understood the danger and abnormality of the situation. The dancers and performers, rather than scattering to the sides, went down the middle of the road and ran away as far as their legs could carry them. The Adventurers who had formed a line wore a looks of surprise as they wielded their weapons; just as one of the commonfolk had said earlier, this situation was outside of their expectations and they understood that the possibility of it being a Demon attack was high.

Even if it was an attack, Kagami could instantly conclude that it would be useless to try and defeat it while trying to protect the cheering audience. This was because Kagami knew about the jet-black Beast that fell down.

It was one of the Spawn Blockers that existed deep inside the Demon King’s Castle. They were Monsters that could only be spawned from the Spawn Block placed by the Demon King in that one specific area within the castle and would only be used under special circumstances.

It was the Berserker Beast. With its prided Level of 213, it was a genuine Monster.

“Hey, run away you guys!”

Kagami yelled out too late. The Berserker Beast moved instantly, with a speed unimaginable for its size, towards the line of Adventurers wielding their weapons, and blew away the adventurers standing beside the Object with a slash from its giant forelegs.

When the Object and the Adventurers who were blown away crashed into the wall of a house, the adventurers spat out blood, lost consciousness, and dropped their weapons onto the ground.

In an instant, several Adventurers had been knocked unconscious. The other Adventurers that had been holding themselves back ran away as fast as they could.

“””””UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!“””””

It wasn’t just the Adventurers that fled. The part of the audience that was still there also fled. The crowd fell into a state of pandemonium with people rushing out of the main street one by one. They pushed their way out without caring for others, crashed into others without apologizing and prioritized themselves while running away.

Except for Kagami, who had anticipated the confusion created by the Monster invading in the middle of the town, the people ran in different directions. Kagami stood in place like a large tree, dividing the flow of people and shouting, “Pull yourself together!” as he tried to calm down the flow of escaping people.

“H-…Hii!! Don’t come over here!”

While people desperately tried to escape, the Adventurers who had put on a show of defeating the Grapple Bloggers were paralyzed with fear and impulsively swung their swords at the Berserker Beast that stood before them.

Kagami, who had finally managed to somewhat calm the flow of people, hurriedly took Alice off of his shoulders and placed her on the ground.

However, the Adventurers who quicker to react grazed the base of the Berserker Beast’s nose with their wildly swinging swords, and, at that moment, the Berserker Beast let out a howl before moving to slash at one of the Adventurers.

“Divine Shield!”

The forelegs that had slashed out towards the Adventurers who had avoided being slammed into the wall earlier stopped abruptly after colliding with an Adventurer who was emitting a pale light. A metallic clang reverberated through the surroundings.

“Haah…Ku, a-are you alright?”

“You are?”

“This isn’t the time for self-introductions. Hurry up and flee!”

It wasn’t an Adventurer who had stopped that slash, but Krul, a woman wrapped in a white robe that exposed her azure-colored hair. She roared that out towards the Adventurer with a pained look as a 【Divine Shield】,which formed a Magic Shield from light, expanded around her.

In exchange for consuming a large amount of magic power, 【Divine Shield】 was an omnipotent shield with enough endurance to protect against anything, regardless of the attack. This endurance, depending on the timing and attack, was reduced over time.

“K…k-k-kyaaa!”

Sure enough, the 【Divine Shield】 broke after stopping the slash, and the Adventurer and Krul were blown back by the attack. However, Krul’s stance wasn’t ruined and she held her Staff with both hands as she prepared to promptly attack the Berserker Beast before her.

“Y-…You won’t run away? It’s fine to abandon someone like me and run away yourself!”

The Adventurer, whose stance had been destroyed by the attack, yelled when he saw her brave appearance.

“I won’t run away! Of course…It’s frightening enough to make me want to run away…but! It’s my duty as royalty to defend the people! I will never abandon my people!”

The Berserker Beast didn’t wait for Krul as she yelled that out and charged at her, widening its mouth as it tried to crush her with its tough jaw. It’s mouth was covered with saliva, it’s sharp eyes seized Krul with a glare, and a tremor resounded as it continued to advance step by step.

“Divine Shield!”

Krul, whose legs trembled as she faced the approaching Berserker Beast, once again cast a Magic Shield in front of her. However, the moment the Berserker Beast stood in front of her very eyes, she collapsed onto the ground with a ‘petan’. At that moment,

“Yoo, nice of you to hold out! Thanks to you, I stored enough power to defeat this guy in one…blow!”

The Berserker Beast suddenly stopped in front of Krul without touching the Divine Shield and someone who could only be seen as a commoner in Villager garments spoke, in an unworried voice, before suddenly appearing in front of Krul with a gust of wind.

The Villager stopped the Berserker Beast’s movement by firmly grasping its fang in his left hand, and whether or not he had stored power like he’d said, an orange-colored aura coiled around his right arm as he launched it upwards, hitting the Beast’s strong jaw.

The shockwave that generated around him split the Berserker Beast’s skin with a roar, and the its whole body was blasted into the air at a blistering speed before changing into gold along the way.

“You…aren’t angry today, right?”

Although Krul was, for a moment, too dumbfounded by the spectacle, she soon recognized the person who had saved her and put on a smile, tears forming in her eyes as she muttered to Kagami.

“…Though I really could have come to save you a lot earlier, these guys were so annoying as they were running away. You helped me by luring it out. Sorry about that, this time you got a perfect score.”

Kagami held out his hand to Krul as he said that.

When Krul saw Kagami hold out his hand while he unreservedly declaring that she was a decoy with a smile, his confidence, and the fact that he was certain to rescue her with his true abilities, made her smile back and she grabbed his hand, realizing that she had been used as a decoy in his place.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 13




“Krul-san! Are you ok!?”

After a while, a desperately worried Tina rushed forward. Despite Krul’s lack of injuries, Tina began to barrage Krul with Healing Magic as she approached, and Krul’s body was wrapped within a green light.

“Geez…Don’t be so rash. I thought my lifespan was being cut short when Krul-san faced that Monster!”

“Now that I think about it, with the exception of princess-sama, what did you guys do?”

“Eh? Wawawa…H-He appearedddd!”

Although Tina had become rigid for a moment while shielding Krul’s body behind her, after realizing that the man before her, who had spoken in a cool manner and saved Krul by defeating the monster, was Kagami, she just muttered, “Thank you very much for saving her!” as Krul casually emerged from the light.

“We were swallowed by the wave of people when they all started to run away. Only Kuu-chan was unaffected, since she immediately went to try and save them.”

Soon, Palna and Rex’s worn out figures appeared, walking towards them slowly as Palna muttered “Yareyare” in relief.

Having heard her, Kagami sympathised with an “I see,” and thought back to a similar situation.

“That Monster that flew into the sky earlier, although it looked like it vanished, was it because of you?”

As always, Rex asked Kagami with his frank hostility. Kagami nodded in response while looking like he wanted to talk about something.

“No matter how you look at it, surely that wasn’t an opponent that could be defeated in one attack. What kind of skill did you use to defeat it?”

“Hmm? I just used a simple Charge Blow, a Charge Blow. It’s a fundamental skill that even Villagers can use. You can use it too, right?”

“You’re just lying with a straight face. You’re unarmed, right? There’s no way you could’ve defeated it barehanded.”

“Well…even if I say it like that, except for Charge Blow, I only have one other Attack Skill, and if I use that skill, it would render my body useless. So, I have no other means besides Charge Blow.”

After Kagami said that, Rex moved his line of sight to Krul with a dumfounded expression. Then Krul said, “An orange-colored Aura appeared on his right arm,” and she told him the honest truth about the time Kagami used the Charge Blow.

Although the truth was surprising, Rex felt an indescribable discomfort.

He couldn’t believe that a Villager’s power was enough to defeat the Monster from earlier with only a charge attack, even if it was the Level 999 Kagami. Even if he didn’t know the accurate numerical value of the Monster’s skills necessary to analyze its level, surely the Monster from earlier was beyond Level 150. Even if he used a Charge Blow, the opponent didn’t appear weak enough to be defeated in one attack.

He couldn’t understand the man standing in front of them. How had he become that strong?

What had he discovered after reaching that Level? What kinds of Skills did he have?

Why…did he try to get stronger?

“I have…a lot of things I want to speak with you about.”

Rex looked at him with a complicated expression.

For once, Rex didn’t show hostility. Kagami looked at him in amazement, and with a “Hou,” he revealed an impressed smile.

Krul seemed like she had prepared herself. Behind her, like always, Tina appeared anxious. Palna didn’t look at them, feeling as if it couldn’t be helped, and the other three adventurers waited for Kagami to reply.

“Of course, but first, we should do something about this situation.”

After Kagami replied, he faced Alice who was pacing worriedly beside him as if she wanted to say something, and showed her a smile and saying, “See?”

As if baffled by Kagami’s sudden acknowledgement, Alice immediately nodded, smiling happily without saying anything.

“It doesn’t mean that you’re just an ally of Demons.”

Palna finally looked at him, she muttered that as she heard his declaration.

“Although I don’t know what there is to misunderstand, even if I’m not an ally of Demons, I’m not their enemy. Having said that, even if I’m not an ally of Humans, I’m not their enemy either. I’m neutral.”

“I don’t understand what you mean.”

Palna muttered while she looked the other way with a cold look, as if she had predicted that he would say those words. Kagami saw her and retorted with, “I’ll make you understand,” within his heart. Then he turned around towards Alice who had pulled the hem of his clothes earlier and asked, “What’s wrong?”

“When Kagami-san was fighting earlier, I heard screams in the other direction. I heard what sounded like a Monster’s cry. I think there are probably Monsters rampaging here and there.”

“Shall we hurry? Though I don’t think that the ones falling down with a bang would be Berserker Beasts, we should check to make sure. Well, I think the Adventurers of this town could handle it somehow…Hmm?”

They heard cries from far away, and just as Kagami turned in that direction, a man that appeared to be a heavily equipped gatekeeper came running in a hurry from one of the main street’s side roads.

The gatekeeper ran towards Kagami’s group as fast as he could after spotting them. He arrived in front of them looking pale, panting with a “zeehaa,” and squatted, his shoulders moving up and down.

“You guys are still in a place like this?…Flee…quickly! It’s already the end for this city!”

He cried that out desperately while breathing haggardly.

Naturally, Kagami wasn’t the only one disturbed by these words. Even Rex and Krul looked shaken.

“Hey, hey, even if you say Monsters are falling down onto the city, it’s not like they can’t be defeated, right? There are lots of Adventurers in this city after all.”

“The Monsters who invaded are already fighting with the other Adventurers! Although normally the Monsters should have been defeated by now…it’s not like that!”

Kagami’s expression stiffened as the sudden development was completely outside of his expectations. Feeling the unease in Kagami’s change of demeanor, Alice’s mood also became clouded.

The shoulders that had been moving up and down until now trembled as if remembering something bitter, and the gatekeeper spoke, opening his bloodshot eyes, slowly urging them on,

“The large crowd of Monsters inhabiting Atros Island…are heading towards Salumeria from the Demon King’s Castle! The number…is approximately 10,000…!”

Except for Kagami, everyone had their eyes wide open as if they couldn’t believe the gatekeeper’s words at all.

To make up for the many high Level Monsters in Atros Island, there weren’t many Spawn Blocks. Even if the Monsters from Atros Island were wiped out, it was standard for Adventurers to fight in parties to increase survivability.

There was no reason not to feel despair in the face of 10,000 such opponents rushing towards Salumeria.

Even with the several thousand Adventurers currently in the city, there appeared to be no chance of winning should they face the hoard of 10,000 Monsters.

“A notice of Salumeria’s end.”

Meanwhile, as if troubled with a lack of interest, Kagami muttered this.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 14




“Are you certain about this information!?”

A panicking Rex asked as he grabbed the gatekeeper’s shoulders.

“Aah…Without a doubt, I saw it with my own eyes! I was the lookout on top of the outer wall on the west side. Just as I thought that it was just those persistent Demon King Army fellows again, it turned out to be something else entirely…The Monsters that dropped from the sky were just a feint. We were hit through the front!”

The gatekeeper who had been complaining in desperation unintentionally pointed a sour look to Rex, as if he had been accused of lying, and Rex released his hands from the gatekeeper’s shoulders.

Sweat dripped from Rex’s forehead as he considered their options, while Krul and Tina stared at him, waiting for an answer.

“And? What should we do, Rex?”

Palna imposingly asked Rex, not giving him any more time to think, as if he should know what to do in such while he was overwhelmed by the situation.

“Courage and recklessness are different…We should withdraw from here. Although Salumeria is being attacked by the Demon King Army…it’s fine if we counterattack after we re-organize and gather more people. We shouldn’t die in vain here.”

“That’s reasonable…We’ll guide the people who are still in the city as far as we can until the Monster troops arrive.”

Whether or not Krul and Tina also believed this to be the best strategy, they wore serious expressions and nodded their heads in assent.

Seeing this, the gatekeeper was at a loss for words and thanked them with a “Sorry about this…you’ve saved me.”

“Kagami-san, please lend us your strength as well. Cooperate with us and help rescue the people of this city.”

During this exchange, Kagami had been staring at them idly, until Krul suddenly took his hand and pleaded for his help.

Kagami assented with a, “Yeah,” while strongly gripping Krul’s hand, and then immediately let go. Then he said, “Though, I have something I need to do before that,” before heading in the direction the gatekeeper had come from.

“Where are you planning on going?”

Rex stopped Kagami, who had tried to casually head off somewhere, and asked him.

“I went ahead and called Takako-chan earlier. Takako-chan has war potential.”

“Takako?”

“Is that the muscular monk man?”

“Hmm? Takako-chan is a woman, you know?”

Although it wasn’t as startling as the fact that there was a group of 10,000 Monsters currently rushing towards them, the hero’s party, familiar with Takako’s figure, distorted their expressions, unable to conceal their shock.

Rex recalled her appearance and wondered how it was possible for her to be a girl despite her severe lack of feminine elements. Putting his feelings aside, he considered that maybe every part of her body had been completely changed into muscle.

“Since I need to meet up with her, I’ll start guiding the city’s residence before you guys. I leave Alice to you.”

“Hey…you, do you realize what you’re saying? I believe that we should kill Demons, you know? Did you already forget our dispute from the other day?”

“Don’t you guys have things you want to ask me? Surely there isn’t any merit to killing Alice until we’re done talking.”

Certainly, there wasn’t any merit in killing Alice at this point. However, the ones attacking the town were Demons and Alice was a Demon as well. Under normal circumstances, it would be natural to kill a Demon like her if any were present.

Despite this, Rex became bewildered and wore an unpleasant look. Even without Kagami asking to protect her, he himself wouldn’t kill someone who had already declared themselves as a friend.

“Since what I want to ask doesn’t matter, what if I said I would like to immediately kill this child?”

Palna spoke such menacing words with a smile in response to Kagami’s inexplicable attempt to leave.

“I ask of you not to kill her and to protect her, please.”

Palna was bewildered by his unexpected reaction. He didn’t behave arrogantly and give them an order, nor did he preach to them with foul words. Instead, he had merely asked them for a favor with a troubled smile.

While they were dumbstruck by his unexpected words, Kagami rushed away without waiting for a reply, and, just like that, he was gone.

Although she had temporarily stiffened due to his crazy actions, Palna soon returned to her normal self, and sighed as she muttered “Aah, geez!”

“Such an irresponsible man. You were abandoned by him.”

Although she muttered this to Alice as if pitying her, Alice just stared at Kagami’s fading figure with honest eyes.

“I don’t think that’s the case. Since Kagami-san thought that this was for the best, I’ll believe in his decision.”

“Even though you’re a Demon, what the hell are you saying? What would you do if I were to kill you?”

“Although that’s a possibility…I think Kagami-san believes that you guys aren’t like that. Therefore, he asked for a genuine favor, without setting strange terms. That’s why I believe in you guys, who believed in Kagami-san.”

Alice’s hands were trembling as she said that. Palna could see as clear as day that Alice was bluffing and began to head towards the center of the city.

“Y-You aren’t scared?”

Tina asked, worried that her little companion was bluffing.

“Although it is scary…I trust him. It’s useless to not believe in him, since I have my own hopes.”

Alice did not change her posture as she said that, staring at a Kagami who was no longer visible with a serious expression. However, her body was trembling and tears had gathered in her eyes.

They did not know why Kagami had left in such an odd manner, so although they tried to trust his judgement, the ones left behind couldn’t help but feel anxious.

Alice’s goal was for Humans and Demons to reconcile and coexist. Yet, 10,000 Monsters were rushing forth as if to destroy that hope. This conflict could only become a spark that would worsen the relationship between them. For example, even if she stopped this recklessness by going to her father, the residents of Salumeria would probably still hate the Demons for attacking their home.

Even if Kagami were to fight as a part of the Third Army like he had said he would, she couldn’t see an end to the conflict.

“It’s fine. Please be at ease.”

At this time, Alice, whose eyes were brimming with tears, was hugged by Krul.

“The promise won’t be broken. I, too, think that I want to try and believe in Kagami-san. You’re innocent, right?”

When Krul attempted to comfort her, Alice, who had been wrapped in unease, was at a loss for words and realized that she had incorrectly guessed the Hero party’s actions. At the very least, her hands had stopped trembling, and she became curious as to why Krul was trying to understand her.

“…Let’s go.”

Rex muttered that in a worried manner, feeling strange after witnessing that scene, and Palna chased after him.

“Before that…Please let me know one thing. What kind of person is Kagami-san when he’s with you?”

“Well…he treats me without any discrimination…No, well, um…he’s a gentle person.”

With a satisfied expression, Tina replied, “I see,” and chased after Rex and Palna saying, “Let’s go,” as if she understood what Alice had tried to say.

As soon as the three caught up to Rex and Palna, they began to run around searching for those who were left behind when fleeing from the city.

Although there were many Monsters that the Adventurers had failed to defeat that came to attack them along the way, they weren’t as powerful as the Berserker Beast Kagami had defeated. With the four’s power, the Monsters were swept away.

There was pandamonium, like a scene straight out of Hell, and many of those who had given up on escaping chose to flee towards the eastern side to take refuge. The Hero’s group moved into the heart of the buildings on the west side, yelling out loudly to check for anyone that had yet to flee.

“I wonder if the Monsters were defeated by the other Adventurers for us? There aren’t that many left.”

“S-Since a group of 10,000 Monsters are coming, we have to warn the people that are still taking refuge without knowing about it.”

Palna was walking while staying vigilant of her surroundings, and Tina yelled out loudly, “A large group of Monsters is heading this way! Run away everyone!” Rex, Krul, and Alice, who were behind them, carefully checked for any stragglers.

“Now that I think about it, why aren’t you emanating any magic power even though you’re a Demon?”

Along the way, Rex realized that there wasn’t any magic power emanating from Alice’s horn. While Rex asked that, Krul poked at the pointy part of Alice’s head that looked liked a horn, which was wrapped in white cloth and a stylish ribbon.

“It’s thanks to this cloth. It was given to me by Kagami-san…It’s an item that is made from a Spawn Blocker, so it’s able to completely suppress the magic power Demons emanate.”

“Eeh! Well if that was made for all the Demons, wouldn’t the breakout of Monsters stop?”

Tina yelled out from behind Alice as she casually listened in to her unexpected explanation.

Surprised as well, Rex and Krul stared hard at the white cloth covering Alice’s horn as if they were seeing something unbelievable.

“It’s too difficult to make, and it has to be from Spawn Blockers or else it won’t work. Kagami-san did say that it was really valuable after all.”

Alice answered honestly while feeling some slight regret that she could only report what she knew even though they showed great interest. Deep down in her heart, Palna muttered, “It’s natural…” in wonder.

“…Tch! Careful!”

When she heard that, Alice’s eyes opened wide as she looked at the source of the voice, and Palna jumped to the left, guessing that she was being targeted from Alice’s gaze. Immediately after, a pale sphere of light shot out and on impact, engulfed the place Palna had been standing, in flames.

“Get away from Alice-sama!”

The moment they heard that, the Hero’s party grabbed their weapons and readied their stance. When they looked for the threat, they saw a muscular man in a pink dougi and a silver haired man wearing a surcoat and hat.

“Takako-san! Menou!”

Before anyone else could react, Alice ran up to the two of them. Takako and Menou welcomed Alice, who had been released too easily, with a bewildered “Are?”

“Alice-sama! I’m glad you’re not hurt…Tch! Although you were released quickly…What’s the meaning of this?”

“Well…It’s quite a long explanation…”

Takako who somehow guessed what was going on without her explanation, gazed at the Hero’s party who were brandishing their weapons, and let out a sigh as she muttered, “This party that we’ve formed really is out of the ordinary.”

Rex, Tina and Krul gulped when the muscular presence wearing a pink-colored dougi in front of them sighed and placed her right hand on her cheek. “This is…a wo…man?”

“I wonder if it’s fine that his magic power isn’t being concealed? Though it does look like his horn is being hidden.”

Palna, who didn’t care whether Takako was a man or woman, began to ask as she directed her hateful gaze to Menou.

“In this confusion, there probably aren’t many people paying attention to who’s emanating magic power and who’s not. There aren’t any Spawn Blockers around here either. Rather than that, why are you bastards acting in concert with Alice-sama!”

Menou yelled while letting out killing intent, and stepped forward, trying to protect Alice. He was vigilant thanks to yesterday’s events.

“We were asked to by Kagami-san. He said that Takako-san would lend us her power and should be able to solve the situation…Did you not meet up with Kagami-san? He said he would search for Takako-san.”

Trying not to irritate Menou, Krul undid her stance and replied to his question.

Takako and Menou looked at each other’s faces once as these words were spoken, and shook their heads back and forth in denial, looking troubled.

“We came directly from the inn…Where would we have passed by him in this heavily populated town? Anyways, we haven’t seen him.”

“Somebody! Somebody, come here!”

Krul simply muttered, “I see…”, but her reply didn’t mirror her feelings. She was worried about Kagami, who had strayed from the correct path. Takako and Menou, who didn’t know the full story, tilted their heads, not knowing why Krul was so worried.

At this time, they heard a hurried cry for help from the road to the west side of town. Everybody there directed their gaze to the gatekeeper who came running from that direction.

“Somebody…Anyone is fine…the west, somebody come to the west gate!”

The running gatekeeper came to a stop in front of Rex, and spoke in a hoarse voice as his shoulders heaved up and down.

This was a different gatekeeper from the one earlier that was fleeing from the Monsters in the west side, and at his words, Rex and Tina became bewildered.

Meanwhile, Krul healed his vitality using Healing Magic, and promptly tried to talk to him and calm the distressed man. And then,

“There is an idiot standing against the horde of 10,000 Monsters by himself! I tried to stop him! Even though I tried, he wouldn’t listen! Even though he looked like a weak Villager…He’s fighting with those Monsters alone right now! Somebody…Anyone is fine! Don’t let him be abandoned! It’s fine if you just run away after taking him…Somebody go save him!”

He yelled out, and even though he had witnessed it himself, the gatekeeper was bewildered and couldn’t calm down. He couldn’t believe that the Villager would win such a reckless battle.

Immediately afterwards, Alice began to run as fast as she could towards the west gate. She began to cry in anxiety, regretting the fact that she had let Kagami leave, and thought about what would happen from here on out.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 15




She had doubted his reasons for entrusting her to the Hero’s party and leaving to find Takako. At first, she had thought that she would only be a burden while looking for Takako. With the urgency of the situation, it was natural to try and move quickly and efficiently, so she had thought that was the reason he’d entrusted her to the Hero’s party.

She had also believed that he’d given up on their mission, that it couldn’t be helped with the current situation. He had just been trying to do the best he could. She had selfishly believed that Kagami had thought like that.

However, she had been wrong.

Kagami hadn’t given up. If the people were deprived of their home, it would be nearly impossible to mend the wound. However, if the attack was repelled, then there would still be room for peace. They would not become filled with irremediable hatred from having lost everything. While they wouldn’t forget that they were attacked, the humans would settle that hatred themselves due to the glory called victory. After all, they would still have something to lose if they chose to pursue hatred instead.

Kagami still hadn’t given up on the peace between Demons and Humans. Entrusting her to the Hero’s party was the right choice. The reason why Kagami had politely asked the reluctant Hero’s party for a favor was so that he could give it his all.

“Kagami-san is…kind-hearted, he really is…!”

Kagami was supporting her dream with all of his might. Yet, she’d felt anxious and had half given-up. She became embarrassed and felt both sorry and regretful. Alice recklessly ran towards the west gate as if compelled by an indescribable feeling.

“It’ll take you a long time to get there with such a short stride.”

Takako had caught up with Alice, and picked her up, carrying her at a blistering speed. She didn’t miss a step while picking up Alice.

“Takako-san…Kagami-san is!”

“I know, I know. Let’s hurry…Even if he has an automatic healing skill and is Level 999, handling attacks from 10,000 opponents would be too demanding and difficult.”

The vigorous Takako continued to charge forward like a raging bull as she spoke. Then as she felt a presence closing in on them from behind, Takako turned her head to look. It was the Hero’s party. They had caught up to Takako’s blistering speed.

“Araa? They actually caught up…Even though I’m running seriously.”

As she said this, Takako lowered her speed slightly and met up with Rex who was trying to catch up to her.

“Hah…Hah…! The one over there is…the Sage, Krul, and her speed spells are temporarily boosting our speed. Rather…casting them makes it hard for her to breathe, with the speed we’re running at. You’re way too abnormal.”

As Rex said this, he looked towards Krul, Tina and Palna. Everyone was reaching the limits of their stamina, and began to gradually lower their speed with a grimace. It appeared that only Rex had a slight margin left to work with. Takako also lowered her speed in order to run alongside them, with the belief that it was better for everyone to be in agreement if they were going to save Kagami.

“Could it be that you guys are coming to save him?”

“It can’t be helped, we have things we want to talk about with that guy. Besides…even though we asked him once, I’m still uneasy, since we were abandoned.”

After Rex answered Takako’s question, he turned away in embarrassment.

Witnessing the exchange with a “hee”, Alice, who had realized from the beginning that he was just protecting his position as a Hero by being hostile to Demons, admired this trait and realized that Humans weren’t truly bad.

“Eh? Where is Menou?”

Alice, still in Takako’s grasp, looked behind them and wondered out loud.

“If it’s that Demon, he headed towards the west gate in a straight line by jumping from rooftop to rooftop earlier. He has fantastic jumping power since he’s a Demon.”

Listening to Rex, Takako snapped her fingers with a ‘pachin’ and said, “He had that up his sleeves?”

“Rather than that…What’s the meaning of that Villager’s actions? You’ve known him for a long time, right? Why is he trying to face a troop of 10,000 Monsters by himself?”

“I don’t know, since he didn’t tell me, but to have gone by himself, he probably didn’t want anyone to be sacrificed…In other words, even he understands that it’s unreasonable. Even so, he’s facing them alone in order to prevent resentment from being formed, since would lead to Demon towns being attacked by humans. He’s a child that fights for both Demons and Humans.”

Alice was slightly saddened by Takako’s words. If she thought about it, she’d been lying to herself from the beginning, by calling herself a burden she had refused to get involved. Just remembering that, she didn’t want to get scolded for her earlier thoughts.

In contrast, Rex sneered. After showing a look of wanting to say something foolish, he stiffened, as if he didn’t want to be heard.

“I understand that he’s a guy that tries to fight for the coexistence of Humans and Demons, or at least tries to prevent there being any wounds between them. What I want to ask him isn’t that! Even though I have my own reasons as well, why is it that he’s trying to fight without fear of death! Courage and recklessness are two different things…I can’t imagine that he’s foolish enough not to understand this!”

Takako looked ahead of them as Rex spoke and became serious as her expression darkened.

“As for that child, from the very start, he isn’t a being that defines himself with terms like courage or recklessness. He just thinks in a simple manner, what he can do and what he can’t do…giving up or not giving up…Just that.”

Seeing that her expression had changed and her tone of voice had lowered as Takako answered his question, Rex tensed while they ran, cold sweat dripping down his forehead.

“Right now, at the very least, Kagami believes he can fight against them. Of course the chance of succeeding is low…but that child will still do it, even if there’s only a 1% chance. This time in particular, he doesn’t want to give up.”

“Impossible…He’s throwing his life away. Even if he has a 1% chance, there’s a 99% that he will die. It’s fine to be reckless, but surely there are better choices.”

“Didn’t I tell you? I said he doesn’t define himself with terms like courage and recklessness, if he has a chance, he will make a choice, and then single-mindedly adhere to that choice, whether it’s to give up or to persevere.”

Neither agreeing nor disagreeing to her answer, Rex continued to run next to Takako, baffled. Takako muttered, “It can’t be helped,” and since Rex’s image of Kagami might change, she suddenly began to speak about the things that may happen.

“Kagami-chan…he lacks just one important thing that all livings things have.”

“Important…thing?”

Not just Rex, but Krul, Palna, and Tina, who were running slightly behind them, and even Alice were curious. For Alice, this was a question she had tried to ask before, but had not received an answer to.

Takako then slowly responded, as if pitying him somehow.

“The fear of death. Kagami-chan doesn’t have it at all.”

Towards these words, everyone wore an indescribable look.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 16




“What do you mean by that?”

“It’s just as I said.”

Rex couldn’t understand what she meant. Those who attempted to subjugate the Demon King had the resolve to die; they would have the courage to do so because it was a necessary resolve. Not knowing when they would die, and with the high death-risk involved in subjugating the Demon King, the Hero’s party currently did not fear death.

Even if they were told Kagami lacked this, they couldn’t understand it immediately.

“The fear of death, even if that villager doesn’t have it, we’ve had the resolve to die since a long time ago…is it something special?”

Takako released a sigh at Rex’s words and just told him, “You’ll understand when you see it,” after which they wordlessly ran towards the west gate.

After a while, Alice could see a giant wall and a man dressed in a surcoat.

“Menou!”

Alice raised her voice and called out to Menou who, despite having arrived before them, just stood there without moving.

When they arrived, the previously shut west gate had been opened.

Before the open gate, Menou and several gatekeepers stood idly, not speaking at all. They all stared at something outside of the gate, looking baffled.

“Menou-chan, Kagami-chan is?”

Although Takako yelled that out to him, Menou didn’t reply at all.

He stared at a certain point like his eyes had been bound by something, and even though he couldn’t speak, he pointed to an area outside of the gate, as if he wanted to say something. When they looked at the location he was pointing at, everyone aside from Takako wore the same surprised expression as the gatekeepers and became speechless.

Outside of the west gate, a dry, vast land spread out in front of them. A few flowers were sprouting here and there, but most had died or vanished due to being dried up. Dead, broken trees and rugged rocks were rolling around, and the ground that was illuminated by the setting sun had soil as red as the barren wasteland of Atros.

Just as the gatekeepers had said, a group of Monsters that seemed to number at 10,000 had come to Salumeria. However, their advance had been stopped and they had been slightly scattered.

“K-…Kagami-san?”

Alice couldn’t believe what was in front of her eyes…instead of the troop of Monsters that she should have been seeing, Kagami, who had the presence of a Devil, was releasing an overwhelming feeling, as if this troop wasn’t anything special at all.

It was the presence of a person who was showing hostility towards all of the Monsters that originally had the goal of attacking Salumeria. The moment this presence had appeared, all of the Monsters had instinctively concluded that “He is dangerous, and he is someone we must defeat here.”

A giant, one-eyed, green skinned Monster that had a form similar to a human’s, but boasted several times the height of one, walked up to Kagami. This Monster was a Level 168 Cyclops that was powerful enough to lift several boulders. Kagami firmly grabbed the Cyclops by one of its hands and waved it around like a weapon, blowing away a large amount of Monsters in the surroundings like they were confetti.

There was a human twirling around a Cyclops, which was said to be the best close combat Monster native to Atros Island and one that shouldn’t be challenged without a strategy, with one of his hands.

No matter how crazy this event was, those who saw this reality couldn’t form words to describe it.

It was something you could only understand if you saw it.

“Hey you!…It’s dangerous!”

The moment Rex yelled out, several monsters that appeared to be Level 126 Reptilians flew out from the troop of Monsters, and they shot a Heat Beam from their mouths directly at Kagami.

However, he avoided it at the very last moment. As a testament to how long he waited to dodge the attack, a scratch appeared on his cheek. Kagami smiled, not taking it to heart as he flung the Cyclops in his hands towards the flying Monsters.

The moment the Cyclops left his grip, Kagami was attacked all at once by the surrounding Monsters…but he had already vanished instantly from the spot.

Immediately after, completely blurred figures of Kagami appeared in front of the Monsters one by one, as if he was creating after images. When he thrusted out both of his hands, the confused Monsters were blown into the air, like the confetti from the parade, and turned into gold.

However, the Cyclops was quick to respond, and the moment the gold landed on the ground, it struck down at the upright Kagami with it’s massive, nearly boulder-sized hand.

The assault didn’t end with just that. The flying Monsters shot out Heat Beams towards the giant, boulder-like fist striking at Kagami, engulfing it in countless small explosions that melded together into a giant explosion.

The Cyclop’s fist was unable to endure the Heat Beams and was partially destroyed, while the rest of his body was engulfed in the explosion and curled up like smoke. Within the maelstrom, a calm, keen eyed and worn-out Kagami showed a fearless smile, unphased by the surprise attack, as blood flowed and splattered onto his forehead. Then, he once again ran towards the troop of Monsters.

“Hey…That guy.”

Everyone there could understand what the surprised Palna was trying to say whilst sweat poured down her forehead. He was certainly taking damage. And serious damage at that.

Yet…He faced the troop of Monsters without fear. The spectators couldn’t help but gasp at the madness.

“I told you, didn’t I? That child doesn’t fear death at all. No matter how much damage he receives, that child wouldn’t try to fight safely unless he’s near death. That child only thinks about whether he can do it or not. If he thinks…that he can do it, he won’t stop ‘til he dies, if not…he will immediately give up.”

The Hero’s party heard Takako speak but couldn’t believe their own eyes as they watched Kagami fighting until he wore himself out. Although it was gradual, Kagami’s wounds seemed to disappear as if he’d never sustained them to begin with.

Although the Hero’s party assumed incorrectly that he had taken no damage, Takako supplied “That’s Kagami-chan’s Skill,” and the Hero’s party once again looked at Kagami with amazement.

He received damage without yielding as if facing down death, he confronted the Monsters, and while he confronted them, his wounds would heal. Then he would fight again, receiving more wounds, and then…he laughs. He was like a genuine Devil.

Perhaps the reason Kagami had entrusted Alice to the Hero’s party was so that they would not see this side of him. This was very likely since the current Kagami clearly was not normal. His eyes were filled with killing intent, and he confronted the 10,000 Monsters while emitting a difficult to endure, spine chilling aura.

The moment everyone there saw this, they understood. This was the REAL Kagami. He had such an overwhelming presence that the Hero’s party understood he hadn’t handled them seriously before.

Equivalent to 10,000.

Endlessly relentless, despite accomplishing the impossible, Kagami on his own was more terrifying than the troop of 10,000 Monsters. They couldn’t help but fear him.





It’s Fine For You To Become What Ya Wanna Be | Part 17




“How did that guy get this strong?…No, why did he want to get stronger? What kind of reason could he have to obtain this much power!?”

Rex asked Takako in a trembling voice as he looked away from Kagami. Kagami, who was bold enough to single-handedly fight against the Monsters with his bare hands, smiled while he fought and stopped the Monster’s attacks with his body.

“…Who knows? Even now, I don’t know why he became that strong. But, if his original goal was to obtain the power to fight, I can understand it, even if it’s just that.”

Takako replied to Rex cryptically, while watching over Kagami intently.

“The reason he wanted the power to fight, you say?”

Showing interest, Rex asked without facing her.

“A reason that, surely, is not too different from yours…The Hero, Rex Chickyboy.”

Takako muttered Rex’s full name. Including Rex, the six present, Alice, Menou, Palna, Krul, and Tina looked at Takako as if she had swapped places with Kagami.

“You…know of me?”

“I’m a bar owner, you know? I’m well-informed from my profession. Well…Even if that wasn’t the case, I think that you’re famous. A man with a promising future born in a distinguished family of the Arcasia Kingdom with the role of the Hero…Rex Chickyboy. Weren’t you a hopeless heir who had lost his noble house while still so young…because they were met with ill-fortune and were slaughtered on a journey after encountering seldomly seen, high-Level Monsters?”

As if she hit the mark, Rex showed Takako an unpleased look in response to her words.

“After that, aside from the heir going on a journey…I feel like the rest of the events have lead up to this moment?”

“Is that so…I-I didn’t know.”

Krul muttered in a small voice, looking lost for words, perhaps because she was slightly sympathizing with Rex, who was making a distorted expression.

Beside her, Palna spoke, “You…Speaking of Chicckyboy…” in a subdued voice, staring intently at Rex rather than focusing on his past.

When she heard this, Krul muttered “Chickyboy…is it?” as though she was following suit, and Tina also muttered “Chickyboy” while looking dumbfounded shortly after.

“Tch! Anyways, there’s no point in talking about me! That guy had his parents killed by Monsters just like me, right? Are you talking about him wanting the power to fight so he can take revenge?”

“That’s right. I think his reason for wanting the power to fight is definitely because of that.”

“If that’s so…then why is that guy protecting Demons? If they were killed by Monsters, shouldn’t he take his revenge by killing the Demons that spawn them?”

“That’s where you’re wrong. Your parents were both killed by Monsters, but while Kagami’s father was killed by a Monster, his mother…a human, was killed by another human.”

Although Rex understood what had been said, he was left speechless. He felt as though the unpleasant feelings that had always been in his chest had finally disappeared. Since he had continually fought with Monsters to get his revenge, he understood what her statement meant.

He didn’t need Takako to explain it to instantly understand. Why did Kagami maintain his neutral position? Why had he been pissed off at Kagami? Why did he continue to doubt Kagami, while Kagami continued to fight with Monsters?

“He will get his revenge on all Monsters, since his precious person was killed by a Monster. Then, will he get revenge on all humans because his mother was killed by a human? Will he root them all out?”

Everyone there easily came up with the answer. There wasn’t a need to bear a grudge against all humans just for that reason, even if it was for revenge. Somehow, it wasn’t possible to say that, because he was a human as well.

People that formed the same community wouldn’t kill each other, since they were companions. Rather, there wasn’t a reason to kill each other in the first place. However, in regards to Monsters, there was a reason. They hurt humans, after all.

In other words, to exterminate all Monsters for revenge was just his personal feelings. In this world’s system, they were existences that should be killed, and no problems would arise from it. This wasn’t revenge, but just obeying the system.

Alice finally understood the meaning of the words that Kagami had spoken before, “Because I’m an idiot.” He had said it because it was convenient to kill things as a human.

However, out of all of them, only Palna could not admit the fact that she understood.

“Was it because…I just went too far with it?”

Rex muttered as he lowered his head. However, Krul tried to support him by slapping his back with a ‘Pon’ when she saw his appearance.

“Kagami-san has said it. Demons are harmful and are the enemy of humans. However, I think I have an idea as to why Kagami positions himself as neutral. I think there’s a reason why he has never gone too far while he fought with Monsters and Demons. Otherwise, he wouldn’t care about his own safety…I think this is one of the answers.”

Krul took five steps forward with resolution as she said that. Then she stood still and looked back at Takako’s group with a small smile.

“Although most of us already understand it, I want to ask him why he thought about going against the ways of this world. I want to hear his answer directly from his mouth after this. It will be problematic if that person dies in this situation.”

After she finished saying this, Krul began to run towards Kagami and the troop of 10,000 Monsters with a serious face, looking determined once again.

“I, too…have things I still want to ask him. Like how he managed to get that strong!”

When Rex saw Krul suddenly start running, he let out a sigh and smiled before following behind her.

“Please wait for a moment, Krul-san, Chick…Rex-san! You’ll die immediately since you can’t heal!”

“Isn’t it fine…she wants to hear it directly from his mouth when this is over. His reason for trying to go against the ways of this world!”

Tina began to run to try and catch up with the two who had run off, and Palna soon began to follow as she glared at Kagami, as if she was sizing him up.

“Ah…It’s the springtime of youth! It’s been a long time since my blood began to boil after seeing such a development! Let’s go! Gotta make it a dynamic entry, you know? Urooaaaaaaaaah!”

Although the Hero’s party had been seen as an enemy until very recently, Takako yelled in excitement after seeing the people running with hopes for Kagami. Her muscles swelled up as blood coursed through them and she began to run vigorously, quickly overtaking the Hero’s party.

“Takako-dono!? I, too, will assist you!”

Menou believed that there was value in following Takako and fighting to protect Kagami, even if he was to be called a traitor, and began to run without hesitation.

“E-Everyone…!”

When the warriors saw them go, their desire for a fight was lit up and they thought about what they were capable of doing. Alice also began to run towards the eastern side of Salumeria, retracing her footsteps.





