LV999 Villager





Volume 5





Author: Hoshitsuki Kitten

Illustrator: ?





Translate: Xant & Minions

Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

LV999 Villager

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 1

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 2

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 3

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 4

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 5

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 6

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 7

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 8

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 9

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 10





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 1




“No one else will be coming today…Our discussion about what to do concerning our roles before one week passes is now open.”

They were sitting in a dim section of a bewitching bar, located at the corner of the residential area near Balman City’s plaza. With a ‘Dan,’ Kagami struck the table with a serious look.

Kagami, Alice, Krul, and Tina were sitting at a table inside the bar while Takako, Menou, and Rex sat at the bar counter, silently looking at Kagami.

The Kenta-Uros were substituting for Takako, the bar owner, and stood behind the counter polishing glasses.

After Kagami announced the start of the meeting by striking the table, it remained silent for a while. Takako soundlessly raised her hand with a ‘suu,’ as if intending to destroy that silence.

“I…wish to be a Bunny Girl.”

The moment Takako uttered those words, everyone there shivered.

They shivered so hard that a strange sweat appeared on their foreheads. Menou, who was sitting next to Takako, thought, ‘Is she…serious,’ in surprise after staring at Takako’s figure when she raised her hand seriously and opened her mouth.

Regarding the Demon King’s Army, one month had passed since the attack on Salumeria.

Kagami, who had released his limiter when he had fought Estellar and the Demon King Army, couldn’t move his body for a day. By the next day though, he had healed enough to collect the gold that had been dropped by the Monsters in the Astro wasteland battlefield. Thanks to those hyenas who held no obligations towards Kagami, the money he had collected didn’t even amount to three Gold.

Of course, Kagami was known far and wide as one of the heroes who had saved Salumeria, and although he didn’t feel the need to be honored, he, as well as Takako, Alice, and Menou, who accompanied him, were quickly thanked by the Salumerians before they had departed for the Demon King’s Castle.

Rex’s group had followed them to find the Demon King, but the Demon King’s Castle had been completely deserted. The land that used to be covered by a violet-colored fog of dense magic power released from the Demon Castle and had been infested by Monsters that spawned from the dense magic, had become a normal, old castle built standing on top of a sheer cliff, bereft of fog and Monsters.

After all of that, Kagami’s group only found some gems worth about 20 Gold. They had not encountered the Demon King nor Estellar, so they had restlessly returned to Balman, since they couldn’t get anything done in Salumeria while being treated like heroes.

At the same time, Rex’s group that had set out to subjugate the Demon King had lost their purpose and returned to Balman with Kagami, who was unable to proceed with his plans.

Regardless of the need to raise 10,000 Gold and whether they would defeat or save the Demon King, they predicted that, if they ended up fighting in a year, the battle would take place in Salumeria. Salumeria would sustain a large amount of damage at that time, so Rex’s group decided to lend their power in order to collect the 10,000 gold.

Of course, since they no longer sought to defeat the Demon King, Rex’s group had thoughts about obtaining knowledge concerning Kagami’s origins while supporting him.

“First, let’s begin with what we know, and then decide on how to proceed from here on with our own wills. Won’t you share your knowledge?”

Kagami gladly agreed with those words and decided to aim for his large goal of 10,000 Gold. Palna was the only one who had disapproved of coexisting with Demons to the very end and planned to eliminate them.

“T-Takako-dono? I think there is a job more suitable for Takako-dono?”

“There is a job…besides being a Bunny Girl, that’s suitable for me?”

Looking at the energetic Takako who wanted to be a Bunny Girl, their shivering worsened.

Kagami’s group had immediately discussed how they would gather 10,000 Gold when they returned to Balman town. Currently, Kagami’s total assets were 5547 Gold. In other words, they just needed to gather the remaining 5000 Gold within a year. The plan Kagami had presented was to build a Casino.

The targets were rich nobles. If the rate of the Casino installments were high, they believed that their profits would be high as well. There was a risk regarding the Casino’s responsibilities. However, they were planning on using Games, since they were advantageous for Casinos.

Although they had considered asking for donations, when they had tried asking Krul, as a princess, it seemed that she didn’t have any confidence of being able to convince the upper crust to donate, even if she were to ask her father for a favor. Even though Krul had offered to store their strongest equipment and necessary items at the Guild before leaving on the journey, her offer had been rejected with “We can’t.”

After Takako’s input, Krul was once again asked to return to her kingdom with, “If you relay the present situation to them, will they fund us with some gold?” but she persistently responded that “They can’t.”

“Even though we were asked to subjugate the Demon King, what should we do since they won’t cooperate with us on the funding?”

Kagami voiced the conclusion that all of them had reached. Although they believed the kingdom might have a link to the world’s ploy as stated by Estellar, without any way to prove it, they had no other choice but to collect the 10,000 Gold.

The cost of constructing a Casino was 546 Gold. They needed to earn around 5000 Gold in the remaining year.

Following Kagami’s observations, they concluded that it would be impossible to earn 5000 Gold by just managing an ordinary Casino.

Although there were various plans for other forms of labor, for now, they had gathered together in order to organize the Casino’s management before the week ended.

“Takako-dono…I think it’s fine for you to manage a bar within the Casino.”

“Well, Menou-chan? Would you mind being the shop manager?”

Menou stuttered from Takako’s question. Kagami had been lucky enough to discover another spawn blocker, so Menou was provided with a cloth to suppress his magic power like Alice.

It had become possible for Menou to live amongst humans, and he had been leading an ordinary life this past month, giving Alice an allowance from his savings and helping with Takako’s bar.

“They will be Takako’s Bunny Girls. I think she would be too ‘exciting’ for guys. Having too much excitement is bad for one’s education. Truly.”

Kagami replied to Takako’s serious proposal in an equally serious manner.

“I-I also think Takako-san’s Bunny Girl appearance would be too exciting…for various reasons.”

“Oh…even Alice-chan? That’s right…my sex appeal would be too great.”

Alice replied with, “Yeah…That’s right,” without looking at her.

In the last month, Alice had accompanied Kagami on a journey to collect gold. They had been inseparable, like siblings, and she had continued supporting him under the pretense of “it is for Kagami.”

Although Kagami had initially believed that she would become a burden, he felt like she had ended up helping him, since she was skilled.

“Let’s see…Me being a Bunny Girl would be bad for the eyes, right?”

“That’s right, I’ll leave the management of the Bar to you since the clients would end up poisoned by seeing such a sight.”

In the end, after Kagami emphasized that, Takako consented with, “It can’t be helped,” while letting out a sigh.

“The Bunny Girl position will be handed over to Krul-chan, then.”

“Eh!? No, I-I will never wear such a shameless outfit!?”

“Then what do you plan to do?”

“I’ll decide on that from here on out!”

Krul yelled at Takako with her face dyed a deep red.

In the past month, Krul had stayed in Balman town while completing tasks such as accompanying Alice and Kagami as a Healer, helping out at Takako’s bar, and helping with the Casino’s construction. Although she had been raised as royalty, because she had the constitution of an adventuring Adventurer, she had easily adapted to living like a commoner.





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 2




“…Please don’t look this way.”

“Huh? But I think it’s fine on Tina-chan. Your style is nice, even though your body is small…I think it suits you.”

Slightly angered by the reference to her stature, Tina turned her eyes away and clearly declared, “I’ll refuse since I’m petite!”

For the last month, Tina had resided in the Church, which was beyond the residential area on the north side of Balman, and led a life of Dungeon diving in a party with Kagami’s group, as well as giving individual guidance to lost children each day.

“It’s hopeless for Tina-Tina. I don’t know of anything else you could do, other than being a Bunny Girl.”

“I’m not…Tina-Tina. Anyways, what is it you want me to do?”

“Become a Pope.”

“Huh? I’m sorry, I didn’t hear you well. What was it you said you want me to do?”

“Become a Pope.”

Tina hung her head slightly and considered it while muttering, “A Pope is…umm, in other words,” in a serious manner.

“You want me…to start a religion?”

“That’s exactly right, Pope-sama.”

“I refuse.”

In response to Tina’s definite reply, Kagami stood up from his seat and muttered, “This is…are you kidding me?” and looked as if he couldn’t believe her.

“I’m taking this seriously! Rather, what is a Pope?”

“It’s that. Tina would help save the impure hearts of those people who keep on losing and losing in the Casino. You would sell them Luck-Up Items that would make them come back to the Casino.”

Kagami didn’t notice everyone’s dumbfounded condition and continued to speak. He proposed the tag-line, “The world has changed ever since I joined Tina’s Religion. I come to the Casino everyday. I’ve also won the lottery!” and everyone continued to be at a loss for words regarding the new Religion.

To summarize Kagami’s statements, he had just proposed a crafty way to make money by creating a Church within the Casino.

“Must you earn money by using the God that I serve!?”

“Stupid Tina! Tina is Stupid! For now, we’re saving up gold to ultimately beat the crap out of the Gods. In other words, since we’re already planning to beat them up, it’s not strange to use them to earn gold! They’re our enemies after all! Same as the Monsters!”

“No…Well, doesn’t that deny the reason I exist?”

“And whatnot-ugh.”

Afterwards, the result of repeated negotiation was that Tina had consented to establish a Church within the Casino and promote Accessories related to Luck-Up, which were beneficial to the Casino, while progressing with her normal work.

“So, Shishou, what should I do?”

The next one to ask that was Rex as he stood up from his seat at the counter and approached Kagami.

“Hmm, Chikky-kun, won’t you stop calling me Shishou?”

“Then stop calling me Chikky.”

Ever since the attack on Salumeria a month ago, Rex had persistently called Kagami, ‘Shishou.’ He wished to learn various things at Kagami’s side in order to change his way of living.

Rex, who had lived bound by the Role of Hero, destined to subjugate the Demon King, had longed for Kagami’s straightforward lifestyle, which wasn’t bound by his Role. He was determined to observe Kagami’s way of life in order to discover what he truly wanted to do. As proof of his determination, despite not receiving any teachings, Rex had been calling Kagami, Shishou.

It was normally impossible for a Hero to want to be taught by a Villager. It would destroy their personal values. It was unknown whether he was happy due to his new attitude of wanting to improve, but he had been doing many things with Kagami without complaining as he called him Shishou.

“Rex…I’m ordering you as your Shishou. If you stop calling me Shishou…! I will confer upon you a full mastery!”

“Don’t misunderstand. I’m calling you Shishou because I respect you, but we are of equal standing. I’m calling you Shishou freely because I just want to observe your way of life.

“Eh? Aren’t we bad?”

“That’s why you’re helping me with various things in exchange for that, right? Speaking of gathering 10,000 gold, that Demon man… I want to know the meaning of Estellar’s true intentions.”

“Yosh, well then, you’ll be on toilet duty.”

“Hold up, Shishou.”

After several minutes, Kagami finished discussing with Rex about the distribution of Roles. In the middle of this, Alice had continued to observe Kagami and Rex’s unsightly debate, while happily thinking about how a Demon such as herself was mixed in with them.

“Then Alice will be on toilet duty.”

“Please wait for a moment Kagami-san.”

At the end of their discussion, Alice interjected with a serious look.

This time, the discussion wasn’t just between Kagami and Rex, Tina, Krul, and Alice were involved as well, and they were bickering loudly. Observing this scene, Takako and Menou, who were still seated at the counter, smiled.

“By the way, Kagami-chan. Although this seems like a fundamental issue, do we have enough people for this with just us?”

Takako asked Kagami, who was still mired in the conversation of Role distribution. He showed her a troubled expression, as if trying to recall something, and then, with a serious look, said:

“Not at all.”

Is what he replied.

Takako was easily able to understand his response.

Kagami’s total assets totaled 5547 Gold. With this amount, 847 gold was used for the construction fees and set up costs. Kagami’s current total assets were 5000 Gold. He had reached this amount after collecting 300 Gold from defeating Monsters and accepting Quests in the past month. Their urgent goal was to gather the remaining 5000 Gold within the remaining 11 months.

He felt regretful that he hadn’t gone all out in saving his money before, since it looked like “it might be possible if we had two years to do it”.

Anyways, since it was impossible to gather 5000 Gold in a year through normal means, Kagami had proposed building a Casino. It was an evil proposal to have the Guild members, Adventurers, and Nobles spend a lot of their saved up money.

Speaking of being able to do anything if one had an income; although the Casino would be the main attraction, inside would be several entertainment facilities, such as Restaurants, Bars, Taverns, Tina’s Church, Public Baths, and etc.

Even though they would be managing a large-scale Casino, they clearly didn’t have enough people.

Facing the sea, the town of Balman was huge. It was prosperous enough to have plenty of Merchants, Mercenaries, Adventurers, and fellow Guild members gathered.

When a Casino seeks to target a Kingdom’s nobles and the people that gather in such a huge town as clients, it becomes necessary to build such a large-scale Casino. As a result, they had purchased a piece of land surrounding a portion of unused port, and had built a Casino facing the sea around one-twentieth the size of Balman.

“I thought we would somehow be able to do it with our spirits.”

“Since that has yet to happen, aren’t we in a hurry now? We need to gather more hands quickly, right? What have we been doing… in this past month?”

“Well, umm… entering Dungeons… umm… and beating the crap… out of Monsters.”

As a sole proprietor, Takako began to scold Kagami who sat in seiza. With their outlook on the present situation full of troubles, everyone, except for Kagami, let out a deep sigh.





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 3




“That’s right. If it’s Krul, won’t you be able to bring in a lot of guys from the castle? If we explain the situation to them, there shouldn’t be any issues in bringing off-duty soldiers and servants with free time, right?”

Kagami suggested this and clapped his hands as if he had finally remembered something.

“…I think it’s impossible. Although it’s to prevent an all out war with the Demons…if it’s Father…”

After saying that, Krul gloomily went silent. Kagami, who somehow understood when looking at her unsettled countenance, tilted his head with a ‘gurin’ and looked at Takako.

“It can’t be helped…Even now, we don’t have any way to do it.”

Takako said with a sigh, as if she had similarly understood.

The ones who had pushed for the defeat of Demons and Monsters were originally the humans of the Kingdom. Even if they were to lend their power to avoid an all out war with the Demons, if they told them about the situation, then they would probably be forced to face the war head-on and repel them.

It would be cruel to ask a favor of Krul, who had gradually begun to appreciate the relationship between Demons and humans, when she already knew the outcome.

“So? What method will we use, Takako-san?”

Alice asked the always dependable Takako, full of expectation.

“There’s a plaza to recruit party members in Balman, right? It’s fine if we look for casino employees there.”

“I see…but it’s really just Adventurers in this town, you know? I don’t think we will be able to gather enough competent people to work at a casino immediately that way.”

“That’s not so? There are a lot of villagers in the residential area, so it’ll depend on their labor situation. It might be possible for such people to want to work together with the charismatic Rex-chan and Krul-chan.”

After Takako said that, Rex and Krul turned away slightly, as if declining. Krul looked towards the bay window, and Rex mistakenly stared at the Kenta-Uros behind the counter.

“Humans, ugh. I understand the ones who turn towards us with their looks of envy, longing to be existences with high charisma like us. However, it’s impossible for standard trashy playboys with golden hair like you. Give up.”

“So noisy.”

Rex, whose presence was deemed unpleasant, once again looked at Kagami’s group. Besides Krul, everyone gazed at Rex intently, and Rex let out a sigh of resignation.

“I mainly recruited party members at the plaza in order to defeat the Demon King. To try to recruit people to become casino employees, who would only quit soon after, is a bit…”

“The problem is their pride. They will be bound by that, even though it would be boring. They’re going through great pains to forge a new path, right? Isn’t it a good step towards a different path of life from now on?”

Kagami shook his head left and right with a yareyare as if it was useless. Rex showed a distressed look; Krul, however, seemed perfectly fine and only showed a bitter expression, free of worry.

“What’s wrong, Krul-san?”

Seeing her expression, Alice raised her voice in worry.

“I’m…a human of the royal family. If I try to recruit people to be casino employees as the head of the nation, there is a possibility that they will be disillusioned…If that happened, it would surely cause inconveniences, not to me, but to the royal family.”

Alice somehow understood the problem after listening to her words. Although the issue was still pride, like with Rex, it was worrisome since it wasn’t an issue of individual pride, but the pride of others. If they were blocked by this, there was a possibility of offending someone they didn’t have any control over.

“It can’t be helped. I’m plenty happy for you guy to just help me out on this.”

“……Kagami-san.”

Relieved by these words, Krul smiled.

“It’s fine if we let Rex do the recruitment advertising. He’ll quit being a Hero and begin to work as an Idol. He’ll be working together with us in the casino, so won’t everyone try it out? Let’s go gather people we like.”

“Fah!?”

“Although I’ve just mentioned an appropriate idea, it might have been a bit too sudden. Anyhow, Rex is an ikemen and has the qualities of an idol…Yes, let’s go with this.”

“W-Wait a moment Shishou! I haven’t had a say in this at all! A Hero becoming an idol? I haven’t heard of such an idiotic and unprecedented story before!”

Rex hurriedly approached Kagami about his crazy idea.

“Idols are great. Heroes also really look like idols. Would you rather they call you hot and sexy, or go kyaa~kyaa~? Which would you pick from as a girl; a Hero or a strong ikemen idol?”

“H-…hot and sexy? Kyaa…kyaa…A choice…between…the two?”

As if he had been completely brainwashed, Rex gulped at Kagami’s words and looked at Krul, Tina, and Alice who were gazing at him coldly.

“Speaking of idols, a character’s role is important you know, what kind of setting should we use? For now, when we talk with each other, we will open ourselves with an “Ehehe…”, while we cleverly present ourselves, we will laugh with “Geebubebahaha! Kopoo!” and our debut song will be ‘The Bottomless Swamp.’ Let’s go with this.”

“A dark…character! As expected, Rex-san is cute with that.”

Tina unintentionally retorted after listening to that unclear concept of a character. However, after he had perceived the phrase, “girls speak of ‘motemote’”, Rex had been paralyzed with the sensation of becoming an idol and said, “Idols aren’t…bad.”

After this, Menou proposed, “Wouldn’t it be better to work towards gathering people, instead of conversing amongst ourselves like this?”, so Kagami headed towards the plaza with Rex, Alice, and Tina.





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 4




Normally one could recruit workers in the town using a Recruiter’s Notice, which was placed in the same area where the Guild would issue Quests. So, it was normal for the bulletin board at the town plaza, where the Guild was located, to be filled with notices from people who wished to be employed.

Even Adventurers would use the Recruiter’s Notice board to gather a party. However, when party members were desperate to complete quests and it was necessary to recruit urgently, the recruitment would be done in the same way Rex had done it: by giving a speech and forming a party right then and there.

“Well, as expected. Not a single person has shown up.”

“We gathered a lot of attention though…Well, they are Adventurers for the most part.”

Putting her elbows on her knees, Tina supported the statement that Kagami, who was sitting on a bench in a corner of the plaza, had made, and let out a sigh.

Alice, who was in a good mood, was sitting on the bench next to Kagami, licking her ice cream with a ‘peropero’ and dangling her feet with a ‘purapura’ while gazing at Rex, who was desperately trying to recruit.

Currently, Rex was delivering a speech by himself with his status window open, revealing his Hero Role. Since making him into an Idol right now would have an adverse effect, for the moment, they had decided to garner the attention of the people passing by in the plaza using his Role as Hero, instead of using Tina’s proposal.

However, even though he did gather their attention, most of the Adventurers stopped paying attention to him once the topic turned to labor.

That was quite natural, since those who decided to work could only receive the agreed upon wages over a long period of time. Although there was no risk to their lives, for Adventurers with the strength to fight, earning money this way could only be called inefficient.

Although there were many Heroes, it was a separate issue once labor was brought up, and those who had gathered would end up dispersing one by one the minute they heard that. The ones who were listening to Rex, who was desperately saying, “Want to discover an amazing and unprecedented life at a casino together with me, a Hero?”, were mostly Villagers.

“But the remaining Villagers probably don’t know why they’ve joined the gathering. They only appear to have a slight interest, since none of them have spoken yet.”

“I don’t know about this…the wages surely aren’t that bad, but maybe recruiting a lot all of them at once is suspicious, and that, with his Role of Hero, it’s too far out of reach?”

“Well then, is it better if I try to persuade them?”

“Kagami-san is even more suspicious, you know. As a Villager, you’re rich and you’re Level 999…This degree of suspiciousness could only be questionable.”

Depressed by Tina’s harsh words, Kagami looked for the reason why people weren’t talking in the present situation.

They required 20 males and 20 females. They would work eight hours shifts. The job description for available jobs included Casino Dealers, bar employees, and the like. There were all kinds of cleaning jobs as well. Wages would be 50 Silver a month, and compared to the Club Takako-chan managed, the wage for this work was higher by 5 Silver.

In this world, where the wages of servants and maids and the like who worked daily was said to be 100 Silver even if they weren’t cultured, to the capable Villagers, a monthly wage of 50 Silver was quite high for a job that ignored their career history and true abilities.

Even if one worked at an inn or an izakaya for a period of three years, one could only receive a wage of 35 Silver per month. Even though it was written that there was an initial salary of 50 Silver with opportunities for a raise, nobody tried to gather around.

“Why…even though it’s written that we would treat people with capable Roles well, and would even grant an increase in their wages if they prove their ability…why? Is it because I’m a not Idol? Is it useless for me to become one?”

“It would be the same, even if you were an idol. Rather than asking why, you don’t have any choice but to be one…Rex-san’s charisma is, rather…surprisingly low? If it’s labor conditions, within Balman, 50 Silver isn’t that bad.”

“TinaTina. Don’t say these things so casually. Even as a joke, he’s still a Hero, you know.”

“I don’t want to hear that from someone who tried to debut with a Bottomless Swamp song.”

As these two spoke with each other, the people around Rex, who was giving his speech, gradually dispersed. Amongst the people leaving, there were those who were disappointed, saying, “That Hero-sama who gave up on the Demon King subjugation is trying to work at such a store,” and those who were excited for the Casino replied with, “But it was that Hero-sama who built the Casino so suddenly. I’ll go enjoy it, even though I don’t want to help.”

“Alice…give me a good idea. The one that always guides me during troubling times is you.”

Tina looked at Kagami with an “…Uwaah~”, as if she were disappointed with his suddenly unreasonable behavior.

“Somehow…I realize that I know the other Villager’s feelings.”

Alice muttered that unexpectedly, without showing her troubled behavior, as she gathered the gazes of Rex and the Villagers gathered in the middle of the plaza.

“And? What will you say about it?”

“If it were me, I would be scared. It’s because I have the courage…to step into a place I don’t know. In the beginning, I was just a bit scared when I came to this town with Kagami-san, you know?”

To those words, Kagami made an agreeable response of, “…I see.”

Certainly, it was enough to count the number of Casinos in this world, and even if one were to say they were employed in such a place, it was difficult to recall a precise image of the kind of work someone would do.

If people were unable to imagine themselves in a workplace, it might be easy for them to become scared, since fear was a natural reaction to try to preserve themselves while working in the present reality.

This seemed to apply to social relationships as well. One’s heart would deteriorate if they were stressed by working at a dark, demon-like workplace everyday, and even if the pay was good, it was predestined that humans would feel anxious if they lacked the will to work there.

“Alice…is a genius! You really are the best. I overlooked such a simple thing!”

Kagami, who had overlooked an unexpected psychological problem, highly praised Alice, and after that, he stroked her head. Kagami then stood up from the bench as if he had immediately decided on his next course of action.

“What do you mean?”

Tina asked Kagami for a solid solution.

“For now, let’s go collect the notice with our labor conditions and remake it.”

“In what way?”

“I will add a description under the work conditions that will show that they will be able to work peacefully in the workplace. Let’s see…”

Kagami muttered that while his group went to the Guild’s receptionist, this was the content of what was added:

『It’s a cozy workplace. Everyone is gentle and very healthy. There are already seven staff members who enjoy working for the casino opening. The staff comments have entries such as ‘It’s a bright and enjoyable workplace,’ ‘Girls were also hired,’ ‘Everyday has been a Disney Day since I came here,’ ‘I’ve also won the lottery.’』

“So suspicious!”

Tina yelled out, utterly amazed as she read the description that could only have an adverse effect.

“This description is way too suspicious! This recruitment advertisement is practically the embodiment of Kagami-san! What the hell are you learning from, Alice-chan, for sentences like these to appear!”

“You’re lying, right? That’s impossible! Don’t these lines perfectly conceptualize peace of mind!?”

Alice sighed with a ‘yareyare’ after seeing the two of them yell at each other in front of the Guild’s Quest receptionist. However, she soon remembered the path she was taking, one step at a time, to create the world she dreamed of, and smiled.

“That’s…quite a smile you’re sporting. Completely like an angel.”

It was at this time that a man looked down at her from behind, as if glaring, and said that in a subdued voice.

No matter how you looked at the man with lifeless eyes, he looked like the servant of a noble. He was a 40 year old man dressed in a suit with shoulder-length wavy, black hair in the noble’s fashion, and a dandy-like beard that extended from his nose in a tidy manner.

“…Who is it?”

Alice’s body stiffened at the sudden voice. The man, who had come to talk about something, glared so sharply at Alice that she could feel his hatred.

“I’m sorry for my tardiness…I’m called David Forren. I’m a servant for the royal family of the Hexal Doria Kingdom.”

After David introduced himself, he faced Alice and displayed his Status Window. What was displayed was his Level, Level 77, and his Role, Merchant.

Then, the two who had been conversing noticed David, who had tried to touch Alice, and looked at him.

Kagami looked at this normal looking servant, who had a decent enough ability to be an Adventurer, dubiously.

After this, David, who had noticed Kagami’s gaze, bowed politely, as if he knew him. He then turned towards him and while showing a daring smile–

“…I’ve come to pick up Krul-sama.”

This is what was muttered.





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 5




For several seconds, Kagami and David glared at each other without saying anything. As if the two of them were trying to probe for the other’s intentions, they continued to stare at each other and observe each other’s attitudes without moving a step. In the next moment–

“Quest Guild Staff-san! This person!”

Kagami yelled out and pointed at David.

“This old man daringly looked at this innocent young lady here as if he was going to lick her! While we’re at it, me as well! He’s a pervert, no matter how you look at him. I’m truly thankful.”

“Fuehhi!?”

David sputtered upon hearing the sudden, inconceivable words yelled out. The Quest Guild Staff members who were in the surroundings, as well as the Adventurers that had stopped by for a brief visit and the Villagers who were trying to issue Quests, all looked at David immediately.

“Y-You’re wrong. I-I!”

When Kagami protected the little girl and took the chance to separate from David, who had let his guard down, the misunderstanding that an attractive middle-aged man had tried to lay his hands on her was produced.

“Hey, hey…are you in the middle of the forest, hiding behind a tree? Doing a criminal act in a place with such a large amount of witnesses…”

“Look at that person, his eyes are dead. No matter how you look at him he has the face of a criminal. To deceive such a cute girl…What on earth is he thinking?”

“I had thought he was strange you know. Now that I think about that person, he entered this place slowly without making a sound, and he did come to a stop behind that girl. Aah…I got a bad feeling.”

“He stinks. He’s a stinky guy. So stinky.”

Even though the guys in the surrounding hadn’t really looked at him, they said what they wanted without reserve.

“You. Can you come over here for a bit?”

“Y-You’re wrong! I haven’t done anything…really!”

David was then taken by the two hard-faced Adventurers, hired as security inside the Quest Guild, who tightly grasped both of his arms.

After that, Kagami yelled, “Now, let’s run away!”, seizing the opportunity to flee from the area before things became troublesome.

Although Tina and Alice tried to leave the Quest Guild behind Kagami, Alice stopped to look at David, who continued to deny his charges and argue that he was caught without reason, and,

“Release that person for me. That person hasn’t done anything, you know.

Instead of running away and leaving things as they were, she asked the two hired Adventurers to release David, who was at their side. The two Adventurers and the surrounding people were bewildered by these unexpected actions and David looked at her in surprise, as if he admired her and wanted to say something.

More than anyone else, it was Kagami who received the greatest shock as he said, “Huhhh~?”

“Kagami-san. Although I do think that your spur-of-the-moment actions were in consideration for Krul-san, I think it’s bad for me to to act in such a way. He might have looked at me with his perverted eyes, but I think it’s wrong to punish someone who has yet to do anything.”

“My heart hurts hearing too fair of a judgement. What is this?”

Although the two hired Adventurers had yet to decide what to do, they released David’s arms after listening to Alice’s testimony.

The surrounding people who had jeered at him didn’t really know what they should do and couldn’t follow-up on anything, so they simply dispersed as though they had gone too far to retreat.

“Goodness gracious…this was surprising. Hmm…anyways, you’ve saved me. Allow me to express my thanks. To be honest…you have such a splendid appearance at your young age.”

The released David stood before Alice and bowed deeply to her, and then he smiled at her, appearing really happy this time. Seeing this, Alice smiled back at him.

Seeing this smile unexpectedly made him mutter “…Hoh,” and appear as if he wanted to say something. His expression turned difficult, as if he was reflecting on something.

“Well, I’ll leave my thoughts for later…are you strange in the head? I’ve wanted to inform Krul-sama about something.”

David said he would postpone his thoughts for later after looking at Kagami, who was moving his head to the side, with a ‘gurin’, as if he had recalled something.

“You’re quite sharp. Kagami-san’s head is indeed strange. It’s so strange that he tried to debut a Hero as an Idol. Well…I willingly ended up getting used to such words as well.”

After Tina replied to David, she apologized to him with a bow, as if she were responsible for Kagami’s actions.

David bowed and said, “No, don’t worry about it,” and just as they made peace with each other, Tina, Alice, and David simultaneously looked at Kagami dubiously.

“Well…it seemed annoying to get involved…and if you had something with Krul, I thought you would have an ulterior motive since you came to us even though it would have been fine to meet Krul directly…”

“Hou…I see. I didn’t mean to make an excuse for you to run away without considering anything. Well done. As you might have guessed, I’ve come with plans for everyone. Though, I didn’t think I would be treated as a pervert.”

David laughed happily as he said that.

Kagami’s group, who had yet to understand what he meant, decided to talk at a cafe in the plaza nearby after joining up with Rex, who had returned in order to find out why David had come.

“I can’t believe David-dono is here…It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you.”

“It has been a while, Rex-sama…I’m relieved to see you are as healthy as ever.”

When Rex saw David after arriving at the plaza, he had lost his cool and yelled out, “Why are you here!?”, as though his arrival was completely unexpected.

Unexpectedly, Rex and David were acquainted with each other.





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 6




Presently, Kagami’s group was with David. In order from right to left, Kagami, Alice, Rex, and Tina were sitting in chairs across from David. Amongst them, only Rex seemed sullen and had his arms folded, seemingly unable to calm down.

“Do you understand…why I have come here?”

David, who was holding a coffee cup in one of his hands, muttered that while giving Rex a sharp look.

“Krul…You’ve come to take back the Princess, right? A lot of time has passed since we started staying in this town. It’s not strange for someone to report that to the Royal Capital.”

Rex instantly shared his guess with a troubled look.

“It’s just as you’ve guessed. As expected of Rex-sama, you have keen senses.”

David said that with a sigh as he brought the coffee cup to his mouth and then put it down on the plate. Rex lowered his head in embarrassment after David spoke.

“Will the two of you be serious and stop bantering? In other words, what do you mean by that? What’s your explanation?”

As if he didn’t understand what he was saying at all, Kagami, who seemed uninterested, asked while he sucked on the straw of his Melon Soda.

Seemingly sharing the same opinion, Alice and Tina nodded in agreement, saying “Yeah, yeah,” with their faces smeared with cream from the parfaits they had ordered.

“Speaking of the report, the Villager that deceived Rex-sama and Krul-sama…it’s you, right?”

“A report? Although I don’t really understand those things, I’m Kagami Kouji. As you know, I’m a Villager.”

After this, Kagami introduced the two people next to him, saying, “The little ones who appear to be nothing but children next to me are Alice and Tina, whose face is covered in cream.” As if he recognized the two, David bowed without changing his expression at all.

“I know. I’ve heard about them from my subordinate’s report.”

“I mean, what exactly is this report you speak of? Although you’ve said you will take Krul back, please explain everything, including this.”

“Bringing back Princess-sama…Krul-sama, is the truth. However, my original purpose was to talk to you about your behavior that has gone astray.”

Not just Kagami, but Rex was bewildered as well.

“What do you mean by that David-dono? If you looked into the reports you received from your subordinates, don’t you know enough about our actions for the Demon King subjugation?”

“Although it was mentioned earlier, Rex-sama has been living in this town. Don’t you have some sort of reason for it? One of the reports I’ve heard from my subordinates is: ‘Currently searching for the unknown whereabouts of the Demon King, and although they have yet to go on a journey to subjugate him, they are spending day after day for some type of goal without neglecting their training.'”

Listening to this, Kagami agreed with an “Ah, I see.” In the last month, Kagami’s group had stayed in Balman and completed Quests to gather gold and defeat Monsters. Whether it was intended as camouflage, Kagami concluded that those who saw him reported that they were trying to get stronger and cooperate with each other.

In reality, since there were days where they acted separately, Rex and Krul had only raised their Levels slightly.

“I’ve come here to confirm this. Could it be that you’ve given up on the Demon King subjugation to spend time here in Balman? Furthermore, Krul-sama is the Princess of the whole country. She is already His Majesty’s precious daughter, and although I will bring her back…if that isn’t going to happen peacefully, I will have to bring her back forcibly. As a Sage, using Krul-sama for the Demon King subjugation is a top priority after all.”

After this was said, David once again brought his coffee cup to his mouth. At this moment, Kagami quickly stared down Rex in a contest, and then he immediately displayed his status window and showed David his Level.

“That’s exactly right! We’re pretending that we’ve given up on subjugating the Demon King and have been making our preparations! Rather than spending time searching for the Demon King’s unknown whereabouts, we will wait for him to appear since it’s faster and we’ll be strong enough to give him a vicious beating!”

Kagami turned serious as he said that. After listening to David’s story, he concluded that, ‘Ah, he’s quite the troublesome guy, to talk about this,’ and acted out accordingly, in order to adapt to David’s story.

To be honest, regardless of the fact that they didn’t have enough people on hand, he concluded that he didn’t wish for Krul to return to the castle because of personal reasons like, ‘It’s too painful for Krul to disappear’ or ‘It will be problematic for Krul to consider things later on, after having begun to understand Demons, if she goes to an unreachable place.’

“That’s right! It doesn’t mean that we’ve given up on the Demon King subjugation for sure! We’ve been training and getting stronger at Shishou’s side to defeat the Demon King as soon as he appears!”

Rex stood up and said that as if to support Kagami’s actions.

“I’ve heard about it. I’ve already received a report on the events in Salumeria. It appears you were very successful, and I can’t believe there is a Villager who has arrived to such a stage…and although you might defeat the Demon King soon, why are you trying to manage a Casino in this town? The report also mentions that Krul-sama and Rex-sama are also trying to work in this Casino.”

David accused Kagami while looking at him dubiously, as if waiting for him to expose himself. Although Rex showed a painful look for a moment, as if he felt guilty, Kagami’s eyes hardened.

“You fool! Don’t underestimate a Villager’s weakness! It’s still unreasonably weak, even at Level 999!“

He said as he struck the table with a ‘dan’, seemingly angry at being the victim.

“A great success at Salumeria? You know we were finally able to pull it off somehow after receiving much support from Krul and powerful magic from the other Adventurer’s, right? As for that subordinate of the Demon King, we will never defeat him if he’s with the Demon King! That’s why we will save up our gold and buy powerful equipment. If we have gold we will be able to increase our number of companions and arrange equipment for them…This is perfect, isn’t it? In exchange for helping Krul and Rex become stronger, they’re helping me out with this.”

Tina was slightly surprised and let out and “uwoh,” as if she had started to vomit due to the lie this chatterbox had come up with. Kagami’s face seemed to dare David to doubt him.

In reality, this lie was plausible.

There was no leaked information that spoke of the Demon King himself showing up in the Battle of Salumeria. It was just his subordinate that attacked. This lie about the reason for managing a Casino could already be interpreted as a more effective way to save up gold, now that the Demon King wasn’t here.

“I see…was that the case? For the time being, there is a number of equipment valued at more than 1000 Gold (TN:It uses 1000 here, not 10k) that you can buy as you pass through the Quest Guild, right? According to the legend from ancient times, those things must not be passed onto people who do not have the ability to wield them. They are items that can only be purchased with your own power. Knowing this, it must mean that you’re trying to gather up gold through this method.”

Due to not knowing this at all, everyone present recognized that this way of exposing information was just like Krul and thought, “As expected of Krul’s servant,” when they heard information that not even Krul, who had a relationship with the royal family, knew.

‘She still didn’t have the ability to wield one, even though her body has undergone training since childhood,’ Kagami retorted in his mind while he listened to the reason why her father, the King, was unable to receive these weapons. David had more words to share:

“If you’re planning on doing that…then let me help out as well!”

That’s right, these unexpected words came from David.

At these unexpected words, Kagami thought, “Eh? Is this lie continuing?”, and everyone involved in the mess shivered.





G5: Question for readers, should there be change from Kenta-Uros into Centauros? The raw has always been ケンタ・ウロス and the ・splits the first name and last name. The ・ is the reason I’ve kept it as Kenta-Uros. Or should we not give a shit about it?~





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 7




“Uwah~ So happy~! But, we have enough people, so no thanks.”

Kagami immediately showed him a hateful look, as if claiming ‘You’ll be in the way if you come with us.’

“Oya? I witnessed you trying to recruit more people though?”

When David replied with an expression that seemed to say ‘I thought you said something like that’, Kagami clicked his tongue with a ‘tch’.

“It’s your choice either way. Even if you don’t let me help you out, I’ve decided to remain by your side as an observer. This order was passed down from the King, who said that I must observe whether or not you are telling the truth, and if your efforts are insufficient, I will take her back.”

“Having to live our daily lives under surveillance is stressful.”

“Please don’t say that. The only observer will be me, and in exchange for this, I’ll help out with Kagami-sama’s work, you know? That is what I’m suggesting.”

Kagami momentarily showed a difficult expression when this was said. Kagami honestly wanted to avoid spending time in this manner, maintaining the situation with his lie, from now on.

While Kagami was thinking about whether or not there would be another method to make him return without being his observer, David took out a piece of parchment and placed it on top of the table.

As for what Kagami’s group had created, on top of it were the lines they had written to recruit people for the Casino. Seeing this, Tina leaned towards the table and began to read its content.

“‘Warmly welcoming Beginners. Offering a suitable environment to work in for people who are new to working at Casinos. Training period will be for one month, and wages will be dependent on one’s abilities’…How would you prepare such a thing?”

“I am a servant of Krul-sama before I am your observer. Seeing that it’s necessary to recruit a number of personnel for everyone, I considered the possibilities and made preparations beforehand.”

After David replied with a smile towards Tina, Kagami took the recruiter’s form and began to read it, as if confirming it. Kagami knit his brows since the content wasn’t really different from what he had written himself.

“What is this trying to say?”

“Please try recruiting one more time using this. I’m sure people will gather without you having to give a speech.”

David smiled at him once again as he said that. Seeing this, Kagami stood up from his seat while saying, “Haha, no way.” He then left the store with the notice in hand, while half thinking, “It’s useless.”

Since the reality was that people hadn’t gathered around, even though they had posted a Recruiter’s Notice, Kagami, who was considering trying this, at least mass produced the Recruiter’s Form that David had prepared at the Quest Guild, posted it at the Quest Guild and at the plaza notice board, prepared a kiosk near the plaza benches with a billboard that said ‘Recruiting Casino Employees,’ and continued to wait for people to come.

//

Two hours later. Villagers who lived in Balman and Adventurers had lined up in front of the kiosk established in front of the plaza benches.

Although it didn’t mean that everyone had hopes for labor, for now, compared to the time when Rex had been giving his speeches, people who were showing an interest had gathered around wanting to listen and considered joining.

“What’s the meaning of this?”

Tina, who had been in charge of the kiosk, began to diligently ask the people who had come what their agenda was, one at a time. Kagami was standing next to the people who were being processed and hoping for an interview date, and his mouth was wide open as he muttered that.

“I just mentioned things like a workplace they can work peacefully in, you know.”

“Then, it wasn’t wrong to think about a cozy workplace?”

After Kagami said this, he slapped Alice, who was looking at the formed line with a surprised expression, on her back while saying, “As expected of Alice-tan.”

“I think that may be so. In other words, it’s important for people to be able to work peacefully. Since the contents of the Recruiter’s Form prepared by Kagami-san was suspicious, it couldn’t be helped that the people who didn’t understand its contents would feel anxious about whether they could work properly or not. By specifying the training period, and additionally clarifying the kind of work done in the Casino, we have given a proper account to those who desire working hours. We have also hidden a number of positions. It will be fine if we just manage people after choosing from the recruits that come. If that number is limited, we will end up thinking that no one besides us will be able to work there, and it will get crowded. By simply handing out these pieces of information, we will remove the insecurity they feel for the job.”

After receiving this explanation, Kagami faced David and:

“You, you’re hired.”

He muttered only those words while wearing his biggest smile. At that moment, Rex grabbed onto Kagami’s shoulder, and with a frightening speed, he separated them from David by a distance. Although Alice and David gazed at the two of them suspiciously, Rex didn’t mind them and approached Kagami’s ears as if he was going to tell him a secret.

“What the hell are you saying, Shishou! Although he’s an observer, if he makes an appearance at our workplace, we will be exposed by him! Without him, we would be able to talk in secret at our workplace later on.”

“It’s the opposite, the opposite. That old man’s eyes aren’t really that shrewd, you know? As for whether he will see through us, neglecting him would be rather dangerous, since we won’t know what he is doing. We can enjoy ourselves the most if he isn’t an observer. At any rate, he’s the one observing us.”

After Kagami said that with a sigh, Rex groaned, as if he had lost his voice, and removed his hands from Kagami’s shoulders.

Although Kagami had considered trying to make David go back from the beginning, after witnessing David’s thorough and excellent preparations, he concluded that having him return to being an observer was dangerous. Rather than not knowing if he would be seen through, it was better for him to watch David. That was his logic.

“Now, now…Kagami-chan. Exactly what kind of magic did you use? I’ve tried asking around for rumors about that puzzling line that was formed in the plaza. This isn’t a recruitment produced by Kagami-chan’s group.”

After Kagami had talked with Rex about what to do with David, Takako, who had been standing there for who knows how long, said that as she folded her arms. Rex and Kagami were frightened by this large woman’s sudden appearance.

“Amazing…for so many people to gather here! Rex-san’s and Kagami-san’s advertising was really good! How did they get recruited like this?”

Krul said as she appeared from behind Takako, her eyes beaming as she saw the line forming in the plaza.

“Wait, Takako-chan, what about Menou?”

“He’s taking care of the shop for me. I would be worried if it was just the Kenta-Uros-chans.”

Kagami muttered, “I see” to Takako. At the same time, even if Menou himself wasn’t here, he was slightly happy to have the Demon become more familiar with the town and be relied upon to watch over the shop.

“Hey…is Tina the only receptionist? Jeez…that’s not cute. Look, she has teary eyes and her expression is turning slightly bitter, right?…I’ll go help her out.”

After that was said, Takako also yelled out to her, “Oooi Tina-chan, I’ll also help you~” and rushed off towards the kiosk. Just before this happened, David, who had looked in Takako’s direction when she shouted, met Krul’s gaze.

Unexpectedly, rather than having Krul, who had appeared suddenly, yelling out David’s name, David seemed surprised upon recognizing her, quickly separated from Kagami’s group, approached her at an unbelievable speed, and:

“Fuaaaah! Krul-sama! You’re in high spirits! You’re as beautiful as a single flower blooming in the desolate wilderness as always…I want to lick you all over!”

This was said cheerfully.

“Hm? Hmmmm? Mm…What did you say just now~?”

Feeling grossed out by David’s sudden remark and change in attitude from a gentleman, Kagami asked him to repeat the question, as if he had misheard David.

David then turned serious and looked at Kagami again.

“I said that I want to lick her with a ‘peropero’. You don’t want to lick her, even though she’s this pretty and cute? I think you should know this much as a man.”

“Although I don’t really know what you’re saying, for now, go apologize to Alice, who saved you from being treated like a pervert last time. Apologize to me, too?”

When she heard this, Krul let out a sigh, as if fed up. David hadn’t changed in the slightest. He had been this way since a long time ago. Although his first impression was that of an excellent servant and a gentleman, Kagami and those around Alice gave in all at once.

“David-dono has been like this since a long time ago…His love for women is too strong. It’s enough to make other feels grossed out…That’s why I hated working together with him before he became an observer.”

“Then, why did he have no reaction to Alice and Tina, huh?”

“He doesn’t seem to have any interest in little girls.”

“Although I thought he was slightly gentleman-ish, he’s one of those perverted gentlemen, huh? I suddenly want to reject him. Who is this scary guy?”

After Kagami whispered his reply into Rex’s ear, in order to protect Alice from any bad influences, he brought Alice closer to him. Just for a bit, Alice also showed an expression of caution towards the sudden perverted remarks.

At the same time, Kagami began to shiver due to the fact that the guys around him were all extremely dense. He wanted to live a mediocre life in peace. This was what Kagami wished for from the bottom of his heart.





So That’s Why I’ve Decided to Become A Cheapskate | Part 8




“David…Why are you here?”

Like always, Krul muttered that with a yareyare and an expression that seemed as if she wanted to say something. However, seeing David say, “That’s my line, you know,” she closed her mouth, feeling slightly disappointed.

“I’ve received a report that Krul-sama has given up on the Demon King subjugation and is now staying in this town, so after being ordered to confirm this by the King, I’ve come here. Although, Rex-sama and Kagami-sama had already guessed this much. Along with resuming your training to defeat the Demon King, you’ll gather funds for it as well.”

After receiving David’s explanation, Krul shifted her gaze to Kagami. Kagami then sent her a wordless signal, as if saying, ‘Such a thing has been done already.’

“That’s right. The method Kagami-san used to reach Level 999…I’ve decided to stay here, since we are capable of growing stronger if we spend time at his side. My goal hasn’t changed. Please inform Father.”

Krul, who had read the intent behind Kagami’s signal, replied to David.

“I’ve received the responsibility to confirm whether or not that is the truth. Although I’m extremely grateful, allow me to observe you, at least for the next month.”

“It’s…you?”

Krul seemed dejected by those words.

“I’ll come to wake you up every morning.”

“Please don’t.”

“Hohoho, haven’t you been woken up by me every morning since long ago?”

“That was during my childhood. There is no reason for you to sneak into the bedroom of a woman who is turning 18 this year!”

“There isn’t any relation between the present and the past. I’ve always been Krul-sama’s servant, regardless of that.”

As the two pretended to argue with each other, they revealed intimate, kind smiles. Even if he was watching from the side, Kagami appeared to doubt this scene, which seemed to show that these two were close with each other since the past.

“What’s wrong, Shishou? You look doubtful.”

“Hm? Aiya, the bond between those two is pretty good.”

“It’s because David-dono has always been Krul’s servant since she was born. Although they’ve been separated for more than a year, I think they give off the feeling of relatives.”

Kagami’s doubtful look worsened after hearing Rex’s words.

“So what are you worried about, Shishou?”

Rex asked Kagami for an explanation after seeing him wordlessly put his hand on his chin in a worried manner, so Kagami brought Rex to an area slightly separated from the plaza.

“I don’t understand what David is trying to do.”

Rex seemed confused by those words.

“I don’t think that’s the case though? Didn’t he come to confirm if the report was accurate?”

“Well, think about it, isn’t it strange for him to observe us, just because we’ve stayed in this town from the beginning? Moreover, he’s going to observe us for one month? Even though he will confirm the truth that ‘We’re staying in this town in order to collect gold and train to defeat the Demon King,’ is there really a need to confirm this? We haven’t had an Observer like him following us on our journey until now, have we?”

Rex finally appeared doubtful and said, “I see,” after he received this explanation. Even if he did come to do that, he didn’t realize that David could have an ulterior motive.

Speaking of being an Observer, there were two possible motives: one was to confirm whether or not the actions of the group were proper, and the other was to find something he was searching for. As for their goal of ‘Saving up gold while raising their Levels and staying in the town,’ even if they weren’t observed by him, he would know if they had worked properly if he confirmed with them once a week.

There weren’t any reasons for David to be sent in for Krul, so he was confused. Why was it David? For what reason was David, who had always done his job as a servant, chosen as an Observer. If he had planned to observe them for real, he should have come as an observer without any personal feelings.

Yet, why would a person who harbored personal feelings be sent here? This was why Kagami was puzzled.

“Is it just because he was at Krul’s side?”

“That might be so…No, there is no way, I don’t think it’s that. For now, I feel that something is suspicious. We should be careful, especially when he’s in front of Alice and Menou.”

As he thought of ‘What his goal could be,’ Kagami mentioned those two’s names seriously, since they would probably be targeted soon. Rex immediately understood what he meant and nodded in a serious manner, and then the two of them returned to the plaza.

//

Meanwhile, in a land called ‘Tokyo’, a giant protective wall had been built around it in a circle that reached the seashore. Within this perimeter was the view of an incessantly expanding town. That didn’t mean that it was covered in buildings though. While a set amount of land was separated, as if it was independent, the buildings were expanding towards the giant castle located in the center, as if converging around it.

It was a very large Castle Town, one without the presence of Monsters or Demons. A fort-like castle existed at its center. The castle walls towered over it and were big enough to seem impenetrable from the front. The castle itself had been built high enough to make one believe it reached the Heavens. If one was thinking of trying to assassinate the King residing in this castle, they would need to fight the many warriors inside, all of whom held capable roles and high Levels, then climb up the never-ending staircase that progressed in a spiral, and finally arrive before the King, who resided on the topmost floor.

“I can’t believe Krul would…that’s an unbelievable story.”

A man, who appeared to be in his late 40’s with a dignified face and kind-hearted eyes that, when looked at, gave off a sense of peace, was sitting upon the throne placed in the innermost area of this chamber and said that.

Perhaps it was due to the expensive adornments placed upon the armor he wore and the clothes and mantle he was wearing, but there was an overbearing sense of dignity coming from this man.

“However…it’s the truth. As for the conclusion you’re aiming for, surely it will end up differing greatly in reality. We have to reach a decision quickly, so that this won’t happen.”

A woman with long, wavy, violet hair, currently on her knees before the throne, said that while facing the ground.

“Don’t be so hasty. We will confirm if this is the truth from now on.”

“There is no need to go so far to confirm it. I’ve seen it with my own eyes.”

“…I don’t know of the things you’ve done together as a party with Krul and Rex.

Therefore, it’s impossible for me to believe the words you’ve spoken. However, you know too much about various things.”

“It’s an issue of time. Even if you don’t believe me for now…the truth of the situation won’t really change.”

“You said your name was…Palna? Exactly what kind of human is this Villager, to be able to act against Rex and Krul’s wills and brainwash them, who hated Demons, to that extent? And why were you not lured by his existence while the two of them were? Did you think that you would be conferred wealth and rank if you were to report these things to me?”

Palna, who had kept facing downwards, put on a sarcastic look as if she wanted to say, ‘Such an idiot’, when she received those words, and then shook her head left and right to negate them.

“I don’t have any need for wealth nor rank. I was always baffled by that Villager from the beginning. As to what kind of human he is, please ask Krul-chan and Rex.”

“If that’s the case, then what do you wish for?”

“A world without the Demons. That is the reward that I seek.”

After she said this, the King looked at her dubiously, and Palna looked back at him with an ugly, distorted expression. A world without Demons was the ideal for any human; however, it was nothing more than a desire.

The King sensed the hatred within her expression, which had a tenacity suitable for carrying out a mission, and let out a sigh as he considered if she would end up as a harmful existence to him.

However, even though he didn’t have that Palna-like hatred or tenacity, the King had a sense of duty to match it. Eliminating the Demons would grant humanity peace and order. In order to realize this great achievement that no one had accomplished to this date, he had selected a number of means to accomplish it. He had even sent his daughter and a number of people to assassinate the Demon King.

“If the things you’re talking about becomes a reality…”

There was a need to attack as soon as possible. It was impossible for the war potential he had personally reared to be snatched away right before his very eyes. If it was stolen, it would be fine to return the favor. If anyone felt any uncertainty, then it would be fine for them to return to his side. If they were humans, who were different from Demons, then there would be many means of dealing with it for Simon Hexal Doria, the ruler of Hexal Doria Kingdom, who had the role of the King.

“Besides that, I’m the King, you know…And as for this, I’ve already been relieved by the information sent to me by one of the persons I’ve sent to investigate.”

After he said this, Palna stood up, turned around, and left the King’s chamber.

When Palna closed the door to the King’s chamber that had an exit and an entrance, the ugly expression she had shown since earlier changed to a meek one, and she let out a sad sigh.

It was as if she had performed an act, ‘Just Like Herself’, within the King’s chambers, even though she was careful not to change her resolution. She grasped her trembling hands tightly.

“…Demons are an existence that should be eliminated.”

After she said that, Palna began to descend the castle’s spiral staircase slowly, one step at a time.





G5: Final part of Chapter 5. I feel no pity for her getting turned down by the King. She even uses Anata to address him. So rude :P





