LV999 Villager





Volume 4





Author: Hoshitsuki Kitten

Illustrator: ?





Translate: Xant & Minions

Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

LV999 Villager

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 1

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 2

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 3

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 4

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 5

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 6

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 7

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 8

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 9

Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 10





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 1




He couldn’t remember the last time he had fought such a futile battle. Neither could he remember if he had considered a battle futile before.

Speaking of fighting a higher “difficulty” battle, Kagami, who knew the true value of obtaining experience, had considered this an opportunity to discover new possibilities. That was why he had continued to fight, even though it was unpleasant. He believed that he wouldn’t be able to change, no matter how much time passed, if he didn’t clash with them here and now.

Even without the fear of death, he could recognize the futility of this battle. However, since it had made him think about trying to battle, this was a wall he would surely have to overcome before he could be the victor of this dubious challenge. That was why Kagami would fight. Lacking the fear of death allowed him to fight this futile battle, without hesitation.

Before someone could overcome this wall, even if they assumed that they were a god, they would have to be able to change themselves. That’s right, until he came out victorious, it would be a dangerous but exciting battle.

“This time…might be a little bit stupid…and dangerous.”

However, Kagami muttered that while sending the giant Monster that had caught up to him flying several meters backwards. In the process, he received wounds from the surrounding Monsters, which had used this opportunity to attack.

“Although I still have some stamina left…without a doubt, this is impossible. It’s too much trouble, and there’s still a good several thousand of them left…I might be done for.”

Even though Kagami still had some stamina, he quickly concluded that this was as far as he could go.

Kagami would only fight if he could imagine himself as the victor. However, it was a completely different matter when he couldn’t see himself winning.

Even up until now, he had been optimistic by thinking “I wonder if I will win??”, and would only decide to quickly run away if he was trapped in a situation that had a 100% chance of becoming 【Useless】. On the other hand, if there was even a slight possibility of winning, Kagami would not stop fighting. This was because those fights were not 【Useless】.

Until now, Kagami had chosen his battles by deciding which ones were 【Useless】 or 【Unlikely】.

“Aah…What have I been doing?”

However, this time, there was no doubt that it was a battle where he would lose 100% of the time. He would lose and die, without running away. Everything that he had accumulated until now would be destroyed. Even though he understood that, Kagami had not thought about trying to run away.

Why?

It was because he hadn’t thought of this battle as useless.

“Well then, I wonder how many of them have disappeared?”

If enough of the Monsters here vanished, it was possible that the Adventurers in Salumeria would regain their morale. Even if the path to coexistence with Demon’s was far away, Alice and Takako, as well as those with similar mindsets, would surely be able to reach it somehow, someday.

The town would definitely be rescued if that happened. They would be able to prevent the long war looming on the horizon by occupying this place. Kagami thought that the best method of doing this was to not spread that hatred. That possibility alone was sufficient for him.

Kagami hadn’t placed his bet on winning the fight, but on the 【Path of Coexistence】.

“Why am I…smiling like this?”

As he thought, it was exciting. Before overcoming this, he made an opportunity for his own path, one that he had set for himself. Although he might not be able to see it, Kagami imagined a scene where he opposed this world’s way of life, and his strength began to overflow from within him.

He had already strengthened his resolve. He would fight until he reached his absolute limit. He would run away if he could run away. If it was impossible, he would die and never have any regrets about it.

“Yosha! All of you come at me! As long as I’m alive, I won’t let you into Salumeria. Even if I lose my life, I won’t let you take away the only possibility for my dream to come true.!”

Right when he declared this, Kagami charged forward, piercing through the giant Monster’s body with all of his might, blowing it away in a straight line. The Monster became a bullet that shot towards the group of Monsters behind it, scattering and grinding them all into dust, as if Kagami had used Wide Area Annihilation Magic.

Immediately afterwards, the surrounding Monsters came flying at him in unison. He kicked one of them with a Reverse Kick, grabbed the Monster that was now bent over, and threw it towards the Monsters that had followed it. When it hit them, the group of Monsters were blown off their feet at the speed of lightning and were pulverized.

Without even giving them time to breathe, Kagami immediately struck with his next attack, continuing to deal with the Monsters. Meanwhile, other Monsters flew into the sky while shooting Heat Beams. Since his view of the flying Monsters was impeded, Kagami didn’t noticed them until their Heat Beams had already burst through the bodies of the Monsters around him and approached him.

“Your dream is not just a possibility. I won’t…let them take your life!”

Kagami had honestly believed that he would be struck by the Heat Beams that had suddenly appeared. However, they vanished into thin air without touching Kagami’s body, as though a mysterious force was surrounding him.

“Holy Thunder – Furious Beheading Wave!”

In the next moment, the name of a Skill was roared out, even though it could be used without shouting, and several Monsters in the back were eliminated by a Light Blade surrounded by electricity that surged forth.

“I’m the Hero…it’s impossible for me to not fight…and let you, a Villager, fight!”

Kagami turned around and looked towards the direction of the voice. What immediately entered his view was Krul, who was releasing magic power with the palm of her hand pointing as if she was casting magic on Kagami, and Rex, who was wielding his sword.

“Oho, the Hero and the Sage came here to die.”

Kagami said with a troubled look, not knowing why the two of them had come here.

“There’s no doubt that we came here to save you…Kagami-chan!”

Before Kagami had enough time to think about their reason, Takako, who was approaching him with a high speed, immediately passed by him. As Kagami showed a surprised expression, Takako approached the Shelled Monsters that were closing in on him and used her vigor to send them flying with a kick. Although they weren’t blown away, their shells split open like an egg and they turned into gold, just like that.

“Even Takako-chan…What are you doing?”

“We came to save you, so we won’t let Kagami-chan die.”

“Well…I can’t go back, you know? I’ll run away quickly if I can run.”

“I know that. That’s why we will defeat all of them.”

A question mark appeared over Kagami’s head when he saw Takako assuming a stance that made her look like a strong bear about to break into a run. He didn’t understand the meaning of this. The result wouldn’t change just by adding three people to the party. Yet, surely this sacrifice was good for him.

“Don’t do anything useless. Your life is important! It will trouble me if I let Takako-chan die! There is no need for the Hero and Princess-sama to lose their life either! I will be the only one to vanish.”

“If that’s the case, then I will be responsible for the part of making Kagami vanish. I’m the same as Kagami, so it’s fine for you to not bear the risk of dying in vain, you know?”

Several Monsters behind Kagami vanished as lightning poured out of the sky like rain. Menou, who seemed to be the one that shot out the lightning, walked up slowly from behind Rex.

“No, you shouldn’t be here! It’s too late now!”

“I’m the same as Kagami-dono. Right now, there is always value in your life.”

Kagami was dumbfounded by Menou’s statement. However, he broke into a smile of curiosity.

“Aah! As I thought, it’s tattered! It’s becoming a shabby rag!”

He then became aware of the fact that the wounds on his body had been healed. Even if he had his Skill, there was no way for them to heal so quickly. Tina came running forward in a panic as she spoke in amazement.

Palna followed close behind her, muttering “It would be troublesome if you died on us.”

“…Is it true that you’re fine? You’ll die, you know?”

“He won’t die. I won’t let him die!”

When Kagami saw Krul eagerly say this, he opened his mouth and gaped for a moment.

However, he quickly closed his mouth.

His heart became warm. The dull sensations that had always let him fight by himself gradually began to return to him. He realized that Takako’s group, that had come for him, weren’t necessarily betting on the possibility of Salumeria being safe, but on the possibility of Kagami’s survival instead.

Kagami was honestly happy. Until now, there hadn’t been any idiots that would associate with his unreasonable self. There hadn’t been any companions who had seriously worried about his life.

The power that had overflowed from within him earlier began to overflow again, and his body throbbed with pain.

“Yosh…change of plans! Let’s just go beat as many as we can and run away like chickens! Our lives are important!”





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 2




At that moment, Kagami stomped on the ground and jumped into the air as he tried to eliminate the dangerous enemies flying in the sky. His reasoning was that, if the attacking Monsters were limited to the ground, the number of inevitable attacks would decrease, increasing the possibility of everyone’s survival.

“I’ll make it so that they will be unwilling to fly any more!”

After he vigorously jumped up, he slammed some of the flying Monsters down to the ground with an ankle sweep. Then he jumped back up into the sky, aiming at the remaining Monsters in the sky. He unleashed a kick towards them and they were forcibly blown back, as if they were bullets shot out of a musket. They crashed into Monsters that were standing on the ground, changing them all into gold. Kagami did this repeatedly.

“Ugh…!?”

However, he wasn’t able to continue. The Monsters standing on the ground read Kagami’s trajectory, predicted where he would fall along the way, and threw giant boulders at him, striking him down.

As expected, Kagami could not repel or completely block the attacks. He was blown back by the giant boulders and his body slammed into the stone wall that presided over this deserted area.

“Kagami-san, are you alright?”

Krul’s group, who had been fighting on the ground, saw what happened to him. They moved towards the wall that Kagami had collided with while warding off the nearby Monsters. The giant boulders that had collided with him looked as though they were embedded into the stone wall. When Krul saw this hopeless sight, she could imagine the result and unintentionally yelled out as she headed towards the stone wall.

Her needless worries soon dissipated. The giant boulders that had been buried in the stone wall suddenly broke apart and a worn-out Kagami appeared.

“No, I’m not alright at all. It feels like I will die soon.”

Kagami heaved himself out of the stone wall and blood flowed out of his face, like a fountain. Although it looked like he was in bad shape, he still had energy left to fight.

“It’s not just feeling like you will die soon! Why are you assuming that you are still in any condition to fight?! Please fight more carefully, since we will end up dying if you die!”

When she saw Kagami sending her a puzzling “good sign” despite the situation, Tina immediately rushed forward and began to heal his wounds with Healing Magic while becoming furious.

“Isn’t living important!? What about the battle plan!? It’s a surprise that you’re even alive right now!”

“This is the result of letting life be important to you. Getting beaten up.”

“Please don’t assume that you can still fight with injuries as large as these!”

“You should have more confidence in your abilities.”

She looked at Kagami, who was smiling despite his great injuries, and even though she didn’t understand it well, she felt annoyed and embarrassed. She then continued to silently heal Kagami’s wounds.

“…My name is Tina. What would you end up doing if a Monk left the vanguard? Please don’t push yourself too hard.”

Tina said in embarrassment as she continued to heal him with Healing Magic without looking at him. These lines made Kagami’s eyes spin, and he reflected on himself as he smiled, remembering the words Krul had spoken previously; “I also can’t say that I’m a human.”

“Besides Takako-chan, battling as a party wasn’t really needed. Sorry, I’ll be more careful.”

“Muu…I’m begging you.”

As Kagami had his wounds healed by Tina’s Healing Magic, he once again got fired up, and with a “Iyoshaa!”, rushed towards Rex, who had continued to endure the Monsters’ attacks at the vanguard until Kagami’s wounds were healed. He sent the Cyclops that was trying to smash Rex flying.

“Yosh, party play! Let’s cooperate and fight together!”

When Kagami said that, everyone there similarly thought that the one who hadn’t cooperated while they fought was just him. However, without any of them retorting that he was easygoing, they all turned to face the Monsters, which had immediately started to pursue them from all directions.

“Princess-sama and that voluptuous magician! Can’t you use Wide Area Annihilation Magic?”

“It’s Palna! Can’t you please stop calling me that way? Both of us can use it!”

“Yosh! Palna and Princess-sama! I leave the spell casting up to the two of you!”

“What are you planning on doing!?”

“First, I’ll clean up the flying Monsters that are indiscriminately attacking the ground!”

When she heard this, Palna became aware of the reason Kagami had attacked the Monsters that were flying in the air earlier. Since it was normal for airborne Monsters to be attacked by archers and magicians that specialized in long range attacks, when she saw that he was challenging them barehanded, she truly understood that he had been fighting alone until now.

“The chants have finished! I’m able to cast it at any time!”

“Me too! What should we do? Even if we fire it towards the sky from here, won’t we only hit two to three at most? Most of the magic will fly away into the sky if we do that.”

After Palna and Krul finished their chants and yelled out to Kagami, he immediately moved over to them and tightly grabbed onto their bodies, as if he was reversing their positions.

“H-hey, what are you doing at such a time…wh-where the hell are you touching!?”

“This is sexual harassment!”

Kagami ignored the two of them as they cried into his ears. Kagami muttered “Fire yourselves up”, before kicking the ground, just as he had done earlier, and jumping into the sky. Krul and Palna closed their eyes and, without letting their voices out, endured the impact that was released from the sudden kick.

“Yosha, cast your magic from here! Rather than casting it from below, isn’t it easier to hit a lot of Monsters if you’re at the same height?”

As they listened to Kagami raise his voice, the two of them understood his intentions and released the Wide Area Annihilation Magic towards every Monster in front of them. What Palna and Krul casted was a Blazing Flame Wave and a Surging Lightning Wave respectively, which both traveled in a horizontal direction.

Since the two’s levels were low, they couldn’t annihilate all of them, but the attacks did deliver great damage to the flying Monsters and turned nearby Monsters into gold. After the magic finished casting, the two of them, who were being held by Kagami, landed on the ground, and Palna let out a “Guu!” from the impact.

“You…though it’s fine, since there was a result, properly warn us the next time you do this…ok?”

After saying this, Palna, who was a magician with a weak endurance, headed towards Tina and requested her to cast Healing Magic, despite the low amount of damage she had taken. Although Krul had also taken a little damage, she healed herself with Healing Magic and dashed at Kagami, causing him to immediately stiffen up.

“Kagami-san! Exactly who do you think this princess is!?”

“Ueh…I was thinking that she felt like a companion who was cooperating with me. I thought that it was a good attack.”

Kagami thought that it was strange for Krul to be angry if they wanted to survive. After he said that, Krul muttered “…Companion,” happily, and immediately put on a serious face once more as she faced the Monsters. Then, as she readied her weapon, she said, “I’ll forgive you, since it can’t be helped.”





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 3




“It was a good strategy Kagami-chan. Thanks to you, the battle became easier.”

The barehanded Takako gave Kagami a thumbs up while dishing out roundhouse kicks at the group of Monsters standing on the frontline. The attacks that had been pouring down from the sky had decreased and, as Krul and Tina’s Defense Magic spread out, the time spent evading attacks also dropped, allowing them to focus on the enemy’s vanguard.

“Rex-chan! I’ll leave the subdued enemies to you! I’ll take care of the tougher ones!”

“Did you say…Rex-chan? Don’t fuck with me! This Hero’s attacks will cut down any opponent! What kind of Role do you have that lets you use a Martial Artist’s skill…?!?

The moment Rex tried to complain, Takako grabbed the Cyclops that stood in front of her and fired off a punch towards the Monsters wearing stone armor.

The stone armor was pulverized like a piece of Styrofoam, and the large stone Monsters were blown back as Takako instantly struck the holes in their armor. Incidentally, she also blew away Rex’s confidence.

“Takako-chan has a perverse Skill that ignores the opponent’s defense, so be at ease, since it doesn’t really mean that you’re weak. If anything, Takako-chan is the weird one.”

Kagami patted Rex’s shoulders with a ‘pon’ as if trying to calm him down.

“I don’t want you to say that she’s weirder than you! Shit…What happens if I get past Level 100? Will it make a difference? If I become Level 100, then surely…!”

“It would become more troublesome for Demon King-sama if you’re able to get stronger…! Right now, you must fight, but being that eager…how troublesome!”

Rex, Takako and Menou continued to exert themselves without breaking their formation as they maintained their distance from the enemy, standing at fixed intervals from each other. Palna and Krul fired off their Magic, which flew past the trio towards the Monsters, and Kagami defeated the Monsters that weren’t instantly slain.

Tina was on standby behind them, healing them with Healing Magic when they were injured by the never-ending Monsters. Even though Takako, Rex, and Menou had been taking evasive actions and even breaking formation to avoid damage, they become resolute and began to face the enemy without fear of injury in order to protect Tina, who was holding up the rear.

Kagami’s group fought while forming a circle behind the stone wall, but this didn’t last long. The intervals between Monster waves became chaotic, and soon the Monsters were unable to cooperate with each other as allies.

Kagami’s group was exhausted. They were also mentally fatigued because they hadn’t felt any indication that the Monster horde would end.

“Hey…When exactly will we get rid of these Monsters?”

Rex muttered as sweat formed on his cheeks, since he had not personally experienced a battle to the death before.

“To have tried to fight them by himself…Kagami is a really big idiot!”

Takako’s composure vanished and she put on a serious expression as she yelled that out. She left Kagami and Menou behind, jumping onto the Cyclops’ chest while sweat oozed out of her whole body.

“There are still some remaining. Though, it’s fortunate that none of the Monsters seem to be heading towards Salumeria.”

Kagami had seen her jump into the sky to survey the situation, so he relayed her information to everyone before immediately kicking around several of the Monsters that had landed.

Hearing that, everyone’s expressions became clouded, seemingly becoming bitter. When Kagami saw this he smiled and muttered, “A chance, huh?” He moved to stand beside the stone wall that had been behind him and suddenly struck it with all of his power.

An explosion resounded as the stone wall was bashed in, leaving a cavity, as if it had been pierced through. When the debris cleared, Salumeria’s gate and a deserted plain without Monsters appeared.

“Yosh, I’m already at my limit! Let’s run away!”

While everyone there admired Kagami in their hearts, for having done his best until now, they ignored him and yelled instead. Nobody bothered to react to Kagami’s voice as they tried to continue fighting.

“What the hell are you all doing! Isn’t your life important? Quickly, run away!”

Although he yelled out repeatedly, nobody even tried to respond to Kagami. On the contrary, Takako, Rex, and Menou were trying to combat the Monsters without minding him.

“We can…still fight! If we ran away from here…it would be the end for Salumeria, wouldn’t it?

Tina muttered with a shrug while showing a pained look, since her magic power was at its limit.

“No, no…there isn’t any meaning if you guys die here!”

“Saying that you want to run away…you can’t run if everyone else doesn’t, right?”

As Palna showed an expression of really wanting to run away, she cast a Wide Area Annihilation Magic on the Monsters that were in the front.

“Takako-chan! What the hell are you doing! This is an opportunity! Run away!”

After he called out, a serious-looking Takako quickly turned around, then looked forward again to attack the Monsters.

“Hey, Takako-chan! Are you listening to me!?”

“Kagami-chan…are you playing a trick on me?”

Takako looked back again and muttered as she completed one of her attacks before resuming her stance to fight against the Monsters.

“You’re also playing a trick…on me.”

Krul muttered as if she was acting in concert with Takako, and cold sweat flowed down Kagami’s cheeks.

“Kagami-san…it seems like you probably have some stamina left in you, right? Aren’t you preserving your energy?”

To that, Kagami replied, “I give up on this,” and realized that, even though he’d acknowledged the truth of what they were trying to do, he had been preserving his energy, just as Krul had said. Rather than saying that he was been preserving it, if he joined Rex’s group and fought, he wouldn’t have to use up all of his power.

Therefore, Kagami was confident that he could deal with the Monsters at the halfway point. Besides, he had been fighting to ensure the safety of Rex’s group. When Rex’s group had reached their limits, only part of him had tried to fight and as he preserved his strength in order to run.

Of course, he had planned to run away properly, since their lives were important. Even though he had tried to trick them, they hadn’t even tried to listen to him. In spite of him saying that he would stay behind, he had just planned to fight by himself before saying “Uwah~ the stone wall collapsed~” and then heading past the stone wall.

“No, no! Run away properly? If we just fight without thinking, would we really be given a chance to run away?”

“If that’s the case, then please fight now, while we are here!”

Although Krul yelled that out, Kagami didn’t want that to happen since he couldn’t guarantee the lives of Krul’s group if he fought in a separate area. However, even if the effects of the Skills that let him fight allowed him to protect them, it would be too much for him, no matter what he did.

If he had fled at the beginning, Kagami wouldn’t have had to make that choice, even though Rex’s group had resolved themselves to agree with him. Yet, somehow, he couldn’t throw away the possibility of saving Salumeria.

He didn’t want to give in to the present situation where he preserved his power, even though he was certain to flee like he had promised. Kagami couldn’t help but throw away such selfish thoughts.

“It looks like you’re suffering quite a bit, Kagami-san.”

“Isn’t that natural? I have to protect these guys’ lives, it’s very troublesome. I feel that we should somehow decide to throw away Salumeria, I…nn!?”

Although Kagami had replied, without thinking, to the words that were asked far too naturally from behind him, he soon realized that something was wrong with the voice. When he turned around, he made eye-contact with someone who definitely shouldn’t be there.

“It’s fine already, Kagami-san.”

Alice, who had seemingly passed through the hole Kagami had opened, faced him with a shy smile. Alice had been standing there, without fear of the troop of Monsters, as if it were natural.

At this moment, before the surprised Kagami could ask Alice why she was there, a ferocious roar, which hadn’t come from the Monsters, rang out. This sound wasn’t something that could be produced by a single person; it had clearly come from a group of people. It was loud enough to make one imagine that their numbers were not inferior to that of the Monsters.

“It’s my turn to be your strength this time, Kagami-san.”

The moment Alice said this, a large explosion engulfed their surroundings. Although he was confused for a moment, when a large group of Adventurers burst out from beside the stone wall, Kagami understood the situation.

Kagami trembled, as if they were all praising him, and joy swelled up within every part of his body, making him unintentionally hug Alice. She smiled at him and he smiled back.

“““““WE WILL PROTECT SALUMERIAAAAAAA!”””””

The moment these words rang in his ears, the restless Rex became livelier and, with all of his might, released all of his power towards the Monsters before him in one attack.



g5: Enjoy a cliffhanger.





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 4




“Kagami-chan!”

“Aah, I heard you! It’s still too early to give up, you know!”

After calling out Kagami’s name and sending some Monsters flying with her fists, Takako looked back, as Kagami gave Alice a thumbs up and said “Good Job” with a smile.

“It’s thanks to Kagami-san.”

Muttered Alice, feeling extremely satisfied.

“Bringing back the Adventurers that had fled was simple, you know? All of them were saying, ‘I want to rescue…the people who are fighting!’, but everyone lost their will to fight in front of the large group of Monsters…they couldn’t move.”

Listening to Alice, Rex, Tina, Krul and Palna understood the other Adventurers’ pain. They themselves shared the same feelings, in no small amount.

“But you see, I realized that it’s useless for everyone to be afraid, after seeing Kagami-san and Krul-san’s group fighting without giving up. They said that, surely, they could do something as well. They received courage from seeing Kagami-san’s group, you know.”

Alice’s words left a deep impression on Krul. Certainly, she had believed that the Adventurers would try to assist them once they saw her party, but this was originally Kagami’s achievement. They decided to move because it was impossible for Kagami to fight by himself. After seeing their appearance, Salumeria’s Adventurers had gathered together to face off against the Monsters.

One person. Just one normal Villager, whose will should have been smashed to bits in this hopeless situation. Unable to suppress her heart’s excitement for the current development, Krul revealed a smile.

It wouldn’t change the fact that it was a dangerous situation, but she couldn’t help thinking that this was really amazing. She hadn’t read any such epics in the Arcasia Kingdom archives within the castle. One person, by challenging 10,000 Monsters, moved the hearts of thousands of Adventurers…It wasn’t a Hero, just a normal Villager. There hadn’t been any humans in the past that had done something so unbelievable.

Without a doubt, this event would be passed down as a legend. Being able to witness such a legend unfold before her, she couldn’t help but feel excited.

Rex had the same thoughts as well. Although he felt the same, he was also quite jealous. His jealousy made him feel regretful, but he respected Kagami from the bottom of his heart. If someone asked if he could accomplish the same, he could only answer no.

“Fu…fufufuhahahaha! Interesting…This Villager is really interesting! Since that is the case, show it to me, the unimaginable conclusion from your struggles in this battle!”

Rex and the others, who had exhausted their bodies, felt their strength return. It was a revitalizing medicine in this hopeless situation that they had believed would end them. Their hearts couldn’t help but tremble as they were invited to participate in this legendary fight.

“Yosh…well then, shall we do our best? Tch, in front of me is…Alice! Get away from here, it’s dangerous!”

“Yes, I understand, Kagami-san. I’m really sorry? No matter what, I wanted Kagami-san to be happy when I told you this.”

At her words, Kagami struck Alice’s head with a ‘pon’ and muttered, “Don’t worry about it,” to her, and then urged her to pass through the hole that was opened up in the stone wall behind them. At that moment,

“It wasn’t me that created an opportunity that allowed the other Adventurers to fight, but Alice. The one who is the most amazing is…Alice, who prioritized their desire to help and brought along these Adventurers, despite being a Demon. It was you!”

As he said this, Kagami smiled at Alice. She yelled back, “Yeah!,” and happily rushed along to the hole in the stone wall as moisture appeared in her eyes. After confirming that Alice had gone back behind the stone wall, Kagami’s expression stiffened, and he turned towards the Monsters that were still spread out before him.

“Change of plans…Let’s aim to win! Let’s go all out against them!”

“There’s no need to say that!”

While Kagami was yelling that, Rex quickly finished off the enemies in front of him with his sword and rushed out ahead of Kagami. Krul and Palna continued to fire off Wide Area Annihilation Magic at the Monsters before them as well.

“Geez…If I had thought about how those spirited fellows might have become my enemies in the near future, I would have become dispirited…Well, besides that, I’m just serving Demon King-sama and Alice-sama!”

“Menou-chan! Since Kagami-chan is bringing out his full power, cooperate with the other adventurers and protect Rex’s group! Kagami-chan! We’re fine over here, so have at it as you like!”

As this was said, Menou gave Kagami a thumbs up, and Takako blew a kiss at Kagami. Kagami raised his voice with a “Yoshaa!”, firing him up as he endured the overwhelmingly powerful attacks, and when his reserved power explosively broke out, he instantly closed in on the Cyclops that stood in front of him.

Kagami then firmly grasped the Cyclop’s leg like he would grab a log and dispatched Monsters by swinging the Cyclops around like a weapon. He stylishly flung it while forging onward, annihilating several Monsters at once.

“”””UOOOOOOOOOOH””””

A lot of the adventurers who saw this scene were dumbfounded, and after seeing Kagami dispatch the Monsters using the Cyclops, they let out a splendid war cry to raise their morale.

“Let’s go, we will win! What the hell is that guy…He’s too amazing! He looks like a Monster, no matter how you look at it!”

“Either way, it’s fine! He has always been fighting for us! Our pride as knights would be done for if we don’t repay our debt! Don’t fall behind!”

There were those who brandished their longswords, those who began casting spells, and those who drew their bows powerfully, but like Kagami, they all forged onwards and began to fight higher leveled Monsters than them. Those who were there didn’t really think about whether they were weaker than their opponents; they just had their feelings of wanting to protect this city, and believed that it might be possible if they backed this man. With a cry, they clashed with the Monsters.

“Follow…MEEEEEEE!”

As for Kagami, such a sensation was a first for him. All of them were united by this one purpose and fought against the Monsters. It was difficult to push aside the fear brought on by the limiting concept of Levels, and a large number of people struggled to push aside thoughts of how it was a reckless and impossible challenge. Kagami couldn’t help but feel that these new possibilities would change these people.

Kagami didn’t have any doubts at that moment. Even if there were high leveled Monsters in front of him, he would surely win somehow. The people who had come here on his behalf would surely stand against the Monsters, just like him, and would succeed somehow. Kagami believed this, so he cast away his guard and forced his way through the middle of the group of Monsters.

A path leading through the Monsters was created, like a giant cannonball had passed through, revealing the dry ground of the wasteland.

The created path was immediately closed off by the other Monsters. Although the Adventurers weren’t able to see Kagami clearly, they immediately understood that he was struggling greatly against the Monsters. Meanwhile, Monsters were being blown out of the center and into the sky, one by one.

Nobody thought that it was “useless to continue on like this,” and decided to try and do the best that they could do.





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 5




Afterwards, together with Kagami’s outstanding power, the seemingly endless battle returned to normal. The number of enemies had gradually decreased, and the people fighting could feel the battle nearing its end.

“Just a little bit more! Go all out everyone! Just don’t overdo it…Stand down immediately if you think it’s impossible!”

“D-…Don’t make me laugh! Who said it’s impossible? I still have some strength left!”

As if they could see the end, the Adventurers raised their morale by saying, “The battle will soon end, victory is certain.” However, they were betrayed by their exhausted bodies despite their chant. Most of the Adventurers were breathing heavily and wore pained expressions.

Those who were fighting had already exhausted all of their healing and attack magic. Those who had emptied their important mana reserve somehow endured and continued to fight on the frontlines by using healing items, which they had replenished as they traveled between Salumeria and the Atros wilderness.

Nonetheless, the usage of healing items was prevalent. The continuous usage caused their effects to gradually weaken, and in the end, the Adventurers that relied on those items could only withdraw from the warfront. A lot of Adventurers had withdrawn, and those left behind didn’t have any other methods to fight in this bitter battle. When things began to appear hopeless, they finally saw the end. There was no reason for it to not raise the Adventurer’s morale.

“Menou-chan…are you alright? Tch…Can you still go at it?”

People like Takako and Menou were no exceptions to having a powerful presences. Menou had already used up all of his magic power and begun fighting Monsters by using hand-to-hand combat as he covered Takako’s back.

“But…it’s surprising. Menou-chan, you’re quite knowledgeable in Taijutsu, aren’t you? You’d make a great rival.”

“Stop joking around Takako-dono. I merely dabbled in it, and even if I fight barehanded, it’s only possible in this battle. I’m far inferior to Takako-dono.”

As they spoke, they saw the end of the battle finally drawing near, igniting their fighting spirits once more.

“Rex-san! Are you safe? I’ve brought a new potion!” (Xant: The original had ‘Healing Item’)

As this was said, Tina, who had made a round trip from Salumeria City, rushed over to Rex while holding a large amount of healing items, such as glass bottles that were filled with liquid.

In contrast to Takako and Menou, who still had the energy to fight, Rex was already at his limits. He had lasted long enough that anyone would have thought that he had done well in fighting until now, but Rex had continued to fight at the forefront.

Consequently, he had overdrawn his endurance to the point of needing to use his sword for support.

“It’s fine…More potions are useless. No matter how many I drink, there aren’t any effects…it just causes stomach pain.”

“If that’s the case, then let’s withdraw. We will just be in danger if we remain!”

“…I refuse. I’m the Hero. From start to finish…….I must carry the hopes that everyone holds. It’s more than just those guys…….It’s impossible for me to give up! I’m not afraid of death……I will muster my courage!

Then he mustered up the strength he couldn’t bring out before, and Rex drew the sword he’d stabbed into the ground. However, immediately after wielding it, a slight shock ran through his head with a light ‘kon.’

When he managed to look behind him, he saw a slightly angry Krul, who was grasping the staff that had struck Rex.

“It takes courage to run away. Instead of fighting in vain, leave it to those who can still fight. At the very least, let your body rest. Surely there is no need to continue doing your best all by yourself?”

As she said this, Krul walked a short distance away from him and pointed at the center of the still numerous group of Monsters. When Rex looked at the area she was pointing to, he saw Kagami. As lively as ever, he continued to fight the Monsters with the same vigor he had held at the start of the battle.

Amongst those who were exhausted, only Kagami had continued to struggle like always.

“…What’s wrong with him? Hasn’t he always been fighting by himself?”

“Earlier, Kagami-san took a break like a normal person would, you know? He even said, ‘Phew, I’m tired.’”

Rex leaked out an “Eh?” and looked at the absentminded Krul with surprised expression. As if she had also seen Kagami, Tina nodded in agreement, supporting Krul.

“Thanks to Kagami-san’s skill, if he takes a break, he will heal without needing healing items…It’s quite crafty, you know. But, that person has been fighting while relying on everyone.”

Speaking of the breaks Kagami had taken, it was simply because he had believed in those who were fighting for him. He thought that they could endure without him by doing their best, so Kagami took a break and laid down in this ‘battlefield of trust’ while watching over everyone as they fought.

“I’m no match…for that guy.”

After saying that with a smile, Rex stabbed his sword into the ground once again, and relaxed his stance.

“It’s…the truth. Being Level 999 is really amazing.”

Tina muttered in support as she watched Kagami fighting swiftly.

“No…what’s truly amazing about him isn’t his high level. He has the power to do things without being bound by other people’s actions, as if were natural.”

Krul also agreed with Rex, saying “That’s…true,” as she observed Kagami, who continued to fight.

“Don’t be stereotypical…? I see. Now I understand the meaning of those words from before.”

Thinking that it was fine to leave it to Kagami, who was beating Monsters one after another in an area far away from him, he dropped down onto the ground.

Most of the allied Adventurers were injured, and even though they were nearly defeated, about 90% of the Monster troop had vanished. Even though there was still roughly 10% of them left, he ended up thinking that Kagami would handle it somehow.

“Ara…taking a break? Good work out there.”

The slow Palna appeared next to Rex, holding a large amount of potions in her hands.

“He really did do it…somehow.”

Palna muttered while watching the still fighting Kagami.

“Even though he has that much power, the way he acts…it’s like he’s an ally of Demons.”

Although she was surprised by the unbelievable sight that was right before her eyes, she muttered that in dissatisfaction, as if she didn’t agree to it.

“If you gossip about it…it will come back to haunt you.”

After a while, Takako and Menou staggered over to Rex’s group and their collection of potions, as if their stamina had been completely depleted.

“Geez…as expected, it’s useless. Tina-chan, was it? Did you set aside the potions for us…?”

After seeing Takako’s ‘defeated image’, due to becoming completely exhausted from using up all of her energy, Tina hurriedly opened one of the potions and handed it over. Although Takako drained it all at once and even used up several more of them afterwards, she wasn’t visibly healing yet.

“As expected, it’s already useless for m-me.”

As she said this, Takako dropped down next to Menou. As Takako quickly retired, Palna watched the exhausted Menou recover his mana and started to direct her palm at him, thinking ‘Wouldn’t it be easy to kill him right now?’

“At the very least, please listen to Kagami-chan’s story.”

However, her body stiffened and she withdrew her hand, despite looking like she wanted to say something, immediately after being called out to by Takako-chan, who seemed to have completely seen through her.

“I look forward…to what’s coming soon.”

As if her own feelings had quieted down, Palna bit her lips and muttered that.

While this exchange was happening, Kagami had defeated one Monster after another. It was already nearly over when the Salumerian Adventurers’ shouts of victories rang out.

“It’s troublesome…we must proceed onto Scenario Street.”

At that time, while no one there understood what the words they had heard meant, a noise that resounded directly in everyone’s heads could be heard. Although Rex had thought that it was an auditory hallucination, he concluded that it wasn’t after noticing the people around him become bewildered in the same way.

“…W-…What…is that.”

Immediately after the surprised Rex muttered that, everyone there turned pale.

The vibrations that had nearly felt like cannon shots were merely 【Footsteps】. The source was a body covered in armor, enough to make them think that no attacks could damage it, regardless of what was used. It was tall enough that it stood higher than the clouds. A giant Monster, ten times larger than a Cyclops, came from the direction of the Demon King’s Castle, slowly advanced towards Salumeria.





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 6




“I have never seen nor heard of such…a Monster.”

The books that recorded the Monsters discovered by humans until now were kept in the Royal Library. The biggest one on record, worthy of mentioning since it was 18 meters in length, would surely be the existence known as the 【Dark Dragon】.

Despite that, this illusive existence from who knows where was bigger than all the other approaching Monsters.

“…What is that? I don’t know, I too…have never seen such a Monster. No, is that even a Monster in the first place?”

Originally, only Menou, who had naturally recognized it, was surprised upon noticing this giant warrior. Its presence, though, was capable of inducing Menou to tremble in fear, but he wasn’t the only one.

Everyone felt weak in the knees just by looking at it, and although they had been fighting while repressing the instinct to run away until now, they were sure to fail this time around.

Just as Menou had said, they didn’t know whether or not it was a Monster. The bipedal Monster that was covered in blacksteel armor glared at them sharply. Its body was wrapped in a black aura, and in its eyes was a golden glitter. The ground trembled as it advanced slowly, step by step.

“…Let’s retreat. As expected, there’s nothing else we can do against that thing.”

Although surprised by the giant enemy in front of her, Takako muttered that while keeping her composure.

“Kuh…We’ve endured until now, why should we run away!? Don’t be foolish…I-I won’t give up!”

After he had said that, Rex took out the sword that had been stabbed into the ground and held it before him. In this situation, Takako’s judgement had been correct.

However, since an opportunity to meet his goal of overcoming an opponent several times stronger than him had finally arrived, Rex did not want to give it up so easily.

“Face reality…What can you do against that with your strength? Although I don’t know what that giant Monster is, this…this isn’t a situation you can easily solve. This is a genuinely…unprecedented and dangerous situation.”

Even without Takako’s words, everyone could understand it. Even if they retreated for the time being, they would still have to fight that thing, because there were still humans gathered in Salumeria. It was clearly an opponent they could not oppose.

In other words, they had to face this opponent in this country, before it could affect the survival of humanity on a global scale.

Originally, humans and demons had both possessed overwhelming power, shown through their ability to control what was known as a 【Country】. However, the humans may have been one-sidedly sending Heroes as assassins to the Demon King’s Castle to this day, in order to avoid challenging them in the open. Not once had the Demons ever come to attack them.

“Kagami-chan…retreat from here at once! Although it’s regrettable…aren’t you the one that doesn’t get it!?”

In spite of the approaching blacksteel armor giant, Takako yelled out at Kagami, who stood there staring at the foe that approached with his hands on his hips.

“So huge.”

Kagami used just those words to describe it.

Immediately after, he cracked his neck with a ‘kokikoki’ and began to run towards the blacksteel armor giant with a slightly worried look, ignoring Tatako’s warning.

“Hey…Kagami-chan!?”

Except for Takoko, everyone else was speechless. They couldn’t understand this person, who had already surprised them several times during this battle. They did know that he had no fear of death. Yet, why was he challenging the overwhelming enemies before him without fearing defeat, even though he stood no chance against them?

This man, as of this moment, had decided that he would now witness the outcome of his future actions with his own eyes, without looking away. With this resolve, he had gained a sense of duty.

“Fall back everyoneeeeee! Run away! This is no longer an opponent we can handle!”

“Hey! But…that bastard is still there!”

“What can we do about it!? Run away! We’ve already decided that we will live!”

The Salumerian Adventurers, who had continued to fight against the remaining group of several hundred Monsters, began to retreat one after another. This was a natural action, a natural decision. Yet, an unexpected gale appeared and accelerated past the dry wasteland, heading towards the Adventurers who had disappeared towards Salumeria.

“HYAAAAAAAAA!”

This gale flew up into the air from the dry wasteland, and just before it collided with the blacksteel armor giant, Kagami let out a roar that could be heard by everyone. Then, at that moment,

“Ka-…Kagami-san?”

Kagami had been knocked towards a large rock near Takako’s group, far away from the blacksteel armor giant.

The large three meter rock was blown to bits from the collision with Kagami, and its debris rolled around the feet of the group.

This all happened in a moment. When Kagami had tried to punch it, Kagami’s entire body had been struck by the blacksteel armor giant’s immense fist.

“R-…Run away…it’s useless! We can’t win! It’s the end for Salumeria!”

“Uwah…UWAAAAAAAAAH!”

The Adventurers who had held on to the hope that Kagami would be able to defeat it somehow began to retreat one after another after witnessing his defeat. If you thought about it, the only ones left were the several hundred Monsters, the blacksteel armor giant, and Rex’s group.

“It’s the end…even if it’s Kagami, it can’t be helped. It’s useless no matter what, with only the Adventurers here.”

“Rather than that, Kagami-san is-!”

Although Krul tried to rush towards Kagami as she said this, a cloud of dust quickly swept over Kagami’s body, and Alice appeared carrying a potion in her mouth.

“Kagami-san…Kagami-san! Hang in there!”

“…Alice. It’s dangerous…I told you…to stand down, didn’t I?”

“If I compared it to Kagami’s dangers, this much is enough for me. Although everyone else ended up running away…you should be relieved since I won’t. I’ll be with you until the very end.”

As if she was trying to assuage him, Alice smiled at the weakened Kagami, who could barely keep his eyes half-open. However, Kagami understood that the hands supporting him were trembling.

“Don’t push yourself. You’re trembling, right?”

The moment he said that, he placed his hand on Alice’s head as if to soothe her. Then Krul, who had arrived late, forcibly pushed the Potion into Kagami’s mouth.

“It’s not, ‘You’re trembling, right?’ Alice-chan is trembling in fear, worried that Kagami is being unreasonable. Why don’t you understand this?”

Krul muttered that worriedly, and at those unexpected words, Kagami’s gaze froze upon her. Immediately after, his gaze turned grim, and he looked in a particular direction.

“Such an amazing healing ability. You’re already capable of moving even though you took so much damage. Your endurance, speed, and power are amazing too. Now I understand why things weren’t going according to schedule. I finally understand why Salumeria’s Adventurers were able to resist until now. In the beginning…Although I had thought it was the Hero resisting…It was your power, huh?”

A tall man that looked similar to Menou, fully dressed in a Noble’s surcoat-like garment, was floating in the air. He flew lower to be next to Kagami and looked at him.

He had pea green hair that covered his asymmetrical right eye. Using human standards, he appeared to be around 20 years old. His proof of being a Demon, horns, firmly sprouted from his head.

“Estellar…sama?”

At this moment, upon seeing the Demon floating in the sky, the surprised Menou trembled.





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 7




“Menou, although I had always doubted that a noble would support humans, I see…it’s because you have been attending Alice-sama, who was supporting the humans? It seems that you have been faithful to Demon King-sama after all.”

After Estellar, the floating commander of the Demon Army, glared at Menou, Menou averted his eyes in a hurry, like a child being scolded by their parents, and cowered in fear. Seeing Menou’s reaction, Kagami immediately rushed to his side and tried to whisper in his ear.

“Who is he? That slightly narcissistic guy that suddenly appeared and started talking.”

“He is Estellar Urgöt-sama…He serves the Demon King-sama, like me, but is his right-hand man. He will soon have more power than Demon King-sama…Rather than that, Kagami-dono, how are your injuries?” (TN: Changed Urgot to Urgöt)

“I have completely recovered, thanks to the potions. The effects were outstanding, probably because I’ve never used them before.”

Crackling sounds rang out from the bones in Kagami’s neck, as if he had truly been healed, and he began to move his arms around like he had energy to spare. In fact, it wasn’t a performance and he had truly healed, but that didn’t mean he still had the energy to fight. Depending on the medicine used, its healing effects would weaken sooner or later.

“Can you still fight? Surely you knew that this battle of offense and defense was useless?”

Once again, Kagami tried to head towards the blacksteel armor giant that was approaching him from the front, ignoring the floating Estellar.

“The situation is dangerous so I have to do something about that thing before I defeat you. If you get in my way, I will have no choice but to fight you. Since you’re taking it easy, you have no plans to do that, right?”

“Aah…I don’t. It’s fine to challenge it as you like. Go at it until you’re satisfied.”

Estellar replied to Kagami, who had stated that boldly and without any hesitation, with a cynical smile as if he were speaking directly into his head. As soon as he finished declaring this, Kagami roared out like a gale and ran towards the blacksteel armor giant.

“It seems he still had some energy left…so what if you’re the right-hand man of the Demon King? It looks like that Villager doesn’t realize how much of an irregular he is.”

Maybe because he was unsatisfied, Rex said as much after Estellar bid Kagami off, making light of him as he ran towards the blacksteel armor giant.

“I know, but in the end, he is a Villager, isn’t he? That’s what you said, right? His Level is certainly…999? It’s surprising that there is someone who reached Level 999 as a Villager. Though becoming Level 999 in itself is unprecedented.”

Everyone there shuddered at these words. This Demon had constantly been gathering information while hiding nearby. However, since none of them had been able to detect him at all, they instantly felt the true difference in power between them.

“What do you mean by…’He is a Villager after all’?”

Krul asked that since she had not misheard Estellar’s words, and it seemed like he knew something. Although he didn’t need to answer her, he seemed like he was bored and wanted to talk about something to kill time, so he stared at Krul.

“You don’t know? A Villager’s Status Parameter is low enough to be abnormal. Warriors who put their stats in strength are at least three times stronger than Villagers, and the difference is even greater if one becomes a Hero. Humans who have the role of Hero only have to reach Level 300.”

“The benefits of being Level 999 isn’t just the Status…they also have Skills!”

“Well then, do you know what Skills he has, besides Automatic Heal?”

To that, Krul hesitated to reply, answering with a “That’s…”

“For him to have such a rare Skill like Automatic Heal is close to a miracle. In fact, there are many examples of curious Villagers who aimed beyond Level 100. It’s because a Villager’s level can be raised easily…with its disposition. Although there aren’t any that aimed for Level 999…every one of their Skills ended up being rubbish. They also had Skills that allowed them to fight by flinging a certain something with their fingers.” (TN: *cough* boogers *cough*)

As a result, those who judged that it was beyond their means ended up discouraged and would fulfill their Role as a Villager. After adding on this statement, Estellar sneered as if he was denying their efforts.

“I wonder…why do you know about things like that?”

He knew too much. Although Takako, who had already known this much information, spoke whilst giving him a meaningful smile, Estellar didn’t try to answer her at all.

Facing the reality that Villagers had a weak Status and Skills, the others began to feel unease since their hope, Kagami, might be useless in this desperate situation.

“Aside from the Skills, the difference in Statuses is absolute. That thing isn’t an opponent that can be defeated by a fundamentally weak Villager. Look, the proof has returned.”

The moment Estellar said this, Kagami crashed into the stone wall with a tremendous force, just like before, as he was sent flying by the blacksteel armor giant. Despite running towards him like before, not even several minutes had passed before he crashed into the same spot. At that moment, everyone was convinced that, even if it was Kagami, it couldn’t be helped.

“That’s the end of his growth. That’s his value as a Level 999 Villager. Even if he has his own Skills, that thing wasn’t an opponent he could fight against in the first place. No matter how many times a Villager falls, it can’t be helped. This is a Villager’s limit after all.”

“Is that what you think?”

At that moment, the body that had collided with the stone wall leapt out, and Kagami spoke as if he still had some energy left. However, blood was gushing out from all over his body.

“So what? This time, I properly reduced the amount of damage I received…It’s still a large amount though. Woah, potions. Please give me potions, Princess-san~”

After seeing Kagami stubbornly declare that, the arrogant Estellar’s expression was momentarily disturbed, but it soon returned to his scornful smile.

“Certainly, his endurance is amazing. Even with his HP and Endurance, Villagers are inferior to Magicians…and, although I do not know what kinds of Skills he has, this is only thanks to Automatic Heal. It’s better to give up while you still have your life.”

“It’s impossible for you to not try to kill us.”

“Of course, I’ll kill you if you get in my way. My goal is just the fall of the Fort City Salumeria.”

As if discomfited by Estellar’s words, Kagami’s expression stiffened.

Although Kagami had confronted Estellar, as he was trying to grasp the meaning of these words, Alice quickly stood in front of him with her arms spread out, trying to protect him.

“Stop it already Estellar! These things aren’t what Father wishes for! I’ve spoken with Father once already…and if the city falls!”

“I guess so. I do know…that these things aren’t what Demon King-sama and you hope for, you know? Even if I speak with the Demon King, who is right over there, he will say the same thing, won’t he?

“Over…there?”

The moment those words were received, Alice and Menou’s expressions distorted. As the words ‘Over there’ were uttered, the blacksteel armor giant stood before Estellar.

“Even though I can manipulate that huge power at will, it took quite a bit of time to accomplish. Using medicine to gradually weaken it to the point that it could be controlled with my power was difficult. The Demon King doesn’t wish for this fight either, you know? The one who wishes for it…is me!”

“Y…You bastarddddd!”

Menou, his eyes wide open, shouted at Estellar, who had declared that while laughing loudly. He clenched his hand into a fist before kicking off the ground and leaping at Estellar, who was floating in midair.





G5: This part is big in regards to the story as a whole so sit back and enjoy :3 It might leave you with lots of questions.





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 8




However, Menou’s suicide attack from before had depleted his stamina and magic power. Estellar threw his fist, emitting a shockwave of magic power at Menou and knocking him down to the ground without having to touch him. It looked like he had bounced off the sky.

“That blacksteel armor giant is Demon King-ossan?”

Muttered Kagami and he shifted his expressionless gaze to the blacksteel armor giant while Menou was pulling himself up from the ground.

“He’s not the blacksteel armor giant. That is the Ancient Annihilation Weapon created to destroy humanity and it can only be handled with Demon King-sama’s immense amount of magic power. It is the 【Mecea】. Its power is equal to that of a Hero who exceeds Level 400…Do you understand? It means that even if your Level is 999, you still aren’t a match for it.”

“Humanity will be annihilated…Um, we’ll run away though?”

“…What do you want to say?”

“Nothing much. Anyways, we’ve been betrayed by this Mecea, regardless of my and the Demon King’s will?”

“That’s right. This is Demon King-sama’s true power. It’s not an opponent you guys can compete against, unless it’s a Hero who exceeds Level 500.”

The moment Estellar looked at Rex sarcastically and with a hideous smile, Kagami muttered “Is that so,” with a smile, as if he were relieved.

“Well then, we have to save both Salumeria and the Demon King.”

The moment Kagami had said that he would continue fighting, Estellar, who had been looking at Rex, hurriedly returned his gaze to Kagami, looking baffled.

“Save him…you say? What the hell are you saying? Isn’t Demon King-sama an existence that humans need to defeat? Besides…do you still not understand? You can’t defeat the Demon King.”

“It doesn’t matter that he’s the Demon King. He’s fighting with humans even though he doesn’t want to, right? The Demon King is a close friend of mine, and he’s the father of Alice-chan. Isn’t it a given for me to save him?”

At these unexpected words, Estellar’s mouth gaped for a while, and although he seemed curious, he remained silent.

“Close friends with Demons? Although I thought that something had happened because of Alice-sama’s actions…do you not regard Demons as enemies?…I see, with that logic, even if you reached that Level, you wouldn’t go and try to kill Demon King-sama. Even though you originally had that reason…give it up. No matter how many times you lose, it’s useless.”

“I won’t give up.”

The moment Kagami replied, the fighting spirit in his eyes lit up again, as if he had confirmed that he was absolutely capable of doing something. Estellar looked directly at Kagami.

Immediately, without seeming discouraged, Kagami once again ran quickly towards Mecea, leaving a gale in his wake. Dumbfounded by this useless action, Estellar continued to stare at him. Then, in less than a few minutes, Kagami flew into the stone wall once again.

“P-…..Potion please……”

Whether he’d remembered to put up a defense or not, it appeared that the damage he’d taken this time was less than before. The baffled Estellar furrowed his brows when he saw the tattered Kagami seek help from his allies.

“Yosh, I can go at it one more time. The potions are still effective.”

Kagami once again ran past them, moving towards Mecea with a gale-like speed. He did not seem discouraged, as if nothing had happened to him after he was healed. However, barely a minute had passed before he collided with the wall again.

“Yosh…that was too painful, it made me cry a bit. This thing is too dangerous, though I certainly saw a dent in its armor. I was able to get a blow in. How is it? I held true to myself.”

While this was said, he gulped down the potions that the worried Krul, Tina, and Alice were silently handing to him. Then, the wind scattered once more as Kagami rushed out again, but not even a minute had passed when he collided with the wall for another time.

“…What is it?”

At this time, Rex had a feeling of indescribable discomfort. It was that strange sensation he had felt ever since the first time he met Kagami.

“The potion’s effects have worsened…although I can’t fully heal…I can still go.”

Just like before, Kagami had immediately rushed at Mecea, but at that moment, Rex realized the source of his discomfort.

“He avoid…ed it?”

When everyone saw Kagami do this, they wore expressions of surprise.

Mecea fired off a fast punch, which was unexpected due to its giant body, and although it had previously sent Kagami flying each time before he could react, this time, he narrowly avoided being punched.

Just like that, he punched Mecea’s head, and Rex noticed that Mecea was certainly becoming frightened.

“He’s…getting faster?”

Estellar, who hadn’t noticed it before because of his condescension, realized it as he muttered that. Rex had also thought what Estellar muttered.

It made them doubt another thing; ‘Was Kagami’s power truly weaker than that of a Hero whose Level was below 300?’. Rex wondered about this because he was a Hero, but of course, he had no way of finding out what the true power of a Level 300 Hero was.

However, he doubted that he could pull off the same movements as Kagami if he reached that level, even if he looked at his own status’s growth from level one. Rex had believed that, one day, he could be Kagami’s equal…however, now he thought that becoming like Kagami was beyond his ability.

“Kagami-san!”

Immediately afterward, the Mecea, which had appeared momentarily frightened, caught Kagami with its giant hand and, using a force incomparable to the previous times, forcibly threw him into the stone wall. He was engulfed in the debris of the destroyed stone wall. As the fluttering cloud of dust engulfed the surroundings, Alice cried out, looking worried, and rushed towards Kagami in a hurry.

“What did that bastard…do?”

Estellar uttered as he looked at Kagami, who was still breathing after receiving that last attack.

“Nothing at all…? I’m just…putting in some effort.”

It was clear that the effects of the potions that Alice was handing him were weakening, and despite his worn out state and reduced healing speed, Kagami slowly stood up and answered Estellar.

“Just stop it…just stop it, Kagami-san! Y-you don’t have to do your best anymore!”

“You stupid idiot…I have to…rescue…Alice’s father, right?”

With half-opened eyes and a ‘pon,’ Kagami placed his hand on the worried Alice’s head while staggering. However, before he could run at Mecea again, Krul and Tina, who were trying to gather potions, stepped out in front of him.

“Kagami-san…you should stop it already. It’s already useless…you’ll just end up dying.”

“P-potions aren’t really helping you anymore!”

The two of them understood that Kagami was just being reckless, so they no longer tried to give him potions, even though they had more.

“Seriously…Well, I’ll rest for a little bit, then I’ll go out one more time?”

The two of them were puzzled by these words. Even if he wanted to say something, why did this man not try to change his mind on the answer to ‘why is he capable of rescuing this person?’

“Why do you continue to fight like this?”

Palna couldn’t help but want to ask him this, despite not showing any attachment until now.

“You…could use healing magic? Rather, you had some magic power remaining?”

“Just a bit, because I retreated immediately. However, the effect will be small, since it’s not Advanced Healing Magic like Tina and Krul use. Rather than that…tell me, what’s the reason you’ve been fighting until now? What is it that you know, what is it that you think? Please, give us your reasons for taking on such a reckless battle and not opposing the Demons, or else…I’ll stop healing you.”

As she pointed her palm that was emitting a faint light at Kagami, Palna said that and glared at him, as if she thought he would run away. As if the others had realized it already, their gazes shifted to Kagami at Palna’s words. Feeling resigned to the current situation, Kagami said:

“It started when my father was killed by a Monster. It was really frustrating that I, as a Villager, was so weak, but I’ve seen many things after finding a way to become stronger.”

He had said that while sighing, but continued to speak.

“What are Roles? Who decides them? Why do Monsters drop gold? Why are we able to go shopping with the gold dropped by the defeated Monsters and use it as currency? The number one thing we don’t understand is, naturally, the Status Window. What is it? Even though no one has realized it, what’s the meaning of the display? Is it to show the benefits of our roles? Levels also have an unknown meaning. Do we become stronger if we obtain experience from defeating Monsters of higher Levels than us? Does the way to become stronger depend on a person’s Role? If so, how? The Skills too…Why do we suddenly obtain a Skill at Level 100?”

Only Estellar’s face distorted at these words. Conversely, the others couldn’t quite understand what he was saying. Although this was natural and considered common knowledge, they didn’t understand why it was strange when Kagami mentioned them.

“I realized it when my mom was killed by humans. Humans and Demons don’t really change. It’s just the world fighting them with its ploy. It was rather simple after I thought about it a little. In this world, you become stronger when you defeat Monsters, and the way to lead a better, more efficient life is by obtaining gold and spending the time to outfit yourself.”

However slightly, Rex’s group was beginning to understand the discomfort brought on by his words. They had definitely felt as if they were being guided by something.

“We didn’t doubt this since it was natural for us. It’s like I was being completely manipulated by something, and I didn’t realize it as I continued to fight. I couldn’t realize…that the way we live is defined by the Role that we are given.”

At these words, everyone of them recalled their own lives.

Tina, born as a Monk, had entered a Temple and trained there. Palna was the same. Since she was a Magician, she had strengthened her magic power and memorized incantations from many books. Krul, as a Princess, was born as a Sage, so she had devoted herself to training since she was expected to join the Demon King subjugation party. Rex, too, was the same. Since he was the Hero, he was obstructed from choosing another path, by the restraining feeling that there was something he had to do.

“Rex, seeing that you were bound by a Hero’s sense of duty, I had pitied you from the bottom of my heart.”

The abrasive Rex couldn’t find any words to reply with as he was reminded of his past. In reality, he thought he had led a merciful life by just fighting.

“Exactly what is the value of living while being bound by your Role?”

The only one who felt like they could understand these words was Takako. She had understood the value of living the way others could after she had deviated from the path of continuous fighting.

“We…surely, it’s fine to become what you want to be, but with this world’s scheme, it tries to get in your way. I thought I was unhappy when, no matter how much time passed, I couldn’t throw away my role as a Villager. I finally gave up all hope once I reached Level 999. The amount of experience necessary for the next Level was no longer displayed on the Status Window.”

“If that’s the case…then, why have you continued to fight?”

Before he knew it, Estellar was also questioning Kagami. Disregarding their relation as enemies, he was simply worried about what Kagami had obtained after becoming the unprecedented existence of being Level 999.

“I was frustrated. I thought I was being taken for a fool. I thought I couldn’t forgive it. I had hoped to become much, much, much stronger. Then, I realized it. When I became Level 999 and acquired a new Skill…I was given the answer by this world I had always doubted.”

At that moment, Kagami displayed his Status Window before him. What was displayed was his Level of 999, and Estellar was surprised when Kagami revealed his Status Parameters. It was clear that each value in the Status Parameters were not those belonging to a Villager.

Although it wasn’t equal to a Hero’s, if a Hero temporarily became Level 999, the values on Kagami’s card would probably equal half of the Hero’s power. On that screen, there was not a single value that should have belonged to a Villager.

Then, the display on the Status Window changed. What was displayed now was one of the ten Skills Kagami had in large letters. This was what was written:

Skill: The One Who Challenges God

Effect: This person’s growth will not stop. Obtained experience is converted into a power that exceeds one’s limits.

“There are people who created the system of this world. That’s why I’ll find these guys and beat the crap out of them. We are free; we are not puppets they can manipulate!”

They were speechless. They couldn’t help but be speechless. Estellar who still wore a surprised expression could only mutter, “Such a thing is…” and trembled.

This Skill granted Kagami two benefits. The first was that he was a presence akin to a 【God】, and the other was that he caught a scent of the existence of skills that would oppose them.

“Hints have been found, you know? Although they were unable to manipulate this world since ancient times, it was always the creators selling these items for 10,000 gold. They were ‘unclaimed rewards’. Well, I just had the feeling that I would need to buy one someday, but it was just a hunch.”

After Palna finished casting her Healing Magic, Krul, Tina, and Alice, who had advised him to give up earlier, stood up and faced Kagami. He had recovered his stamina as he spoke, thanks to his Skills.

“This is my answer. That’s why I will never give up, even if you tell me to.”

He clearly declared his intention with those words.

“Finding the answer to such a thing, depends on yourself.”

Kagami turned his back to them and headed towards Mecea, who was walking towards them at a really slow speed from far away.

Then he muttered, “Healing no longer works…This is the end.” He abandoned the tactic of run-and-strike that he had been using until now. He bent his waist while concentrating and began to release a white aura from his entire body, bright enough to be visible.





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 9




The overwhelming white aura swirled around Kagami. This change was too sudden, and everyone gazed at him doubtfully.

“What is that…You still have something?”

“I remembered that I can use this Skill. It’s a Skill I couldn’t use when I was Level 900. If I use it, my HP will drop to 10 and I won’t be able to move after using it. In exchange, it doubles my Status.”

“Doubles…!?”

They were shocked. Even if it only doubled Kagami’s Status for an instant, he would have a power comparable to a Level 999 Hero.

“Although I really wanted to get stronger by fighting that thing more, this isn’t the time for that, right? I’ll get strong enough to defeat that thing so…this is the end. Let’s compare our strength, shall we?”

At that moment, Rex sneered. He had managed to figure out why Kagami had become stronger without needing anyone to tell him. Considering the fact that Kagami possessed a skill that allowed him to grow stronger by gaining experience, the items that he could have obtained from fighting strong enemies, and the reason Kagami fought barehanded, there was only one conclusion. Rex realized why Kagami had rushed up to the Mecea by himself.

“The goal this time is different. If that’s the case, then you, Villager…no, Kagami! Use this!”

At that moment, Rex tossed his sword to Kagami, who stopped and caught it with one hand.

“Although it’s not the Legendary Sword, it’s still a fine sword (TN: wazamono) forged by a master craftsman. Go! Go, accomplish our goal!”

As soon as Rex finished speaking, Kagami smiled and released a pressure strong enough to push everyone back. Then, Kagami’s figure disappeared. Although they could trace his path with their eyes, they couldn’t actually see him.

He was moving so swiftly that, even though they couldn’t see him, they could see the shockwaves left in his wake. The earth of Astro scattered into the sky, as if a series of explosions had occurred.

These invisible shockwaves approached Mecea and the enemy Monster troop. They attacked Kagami using long range Heat Beams, but none of them hit him.

【Skill: Limit Release】

This Skill didn’t actually double a person’s Status. Normally, humans could only exert up to 30% of their true strength. This Skill released a person’s natural inhibitor and temporarily allowed them to access 70% of their true strength. Even if this was a power that appeared normally, the astonishing Kagami only pulled out twice the amount of power. With this skill, the living beings of this world could draw out power which others would be incapable of stopping.

“Even with the Level 999’s growth limit, this skill doesn’t give a shit about the world’s ploy.”

Kagami evaded several Monster attacks, quickly arriving before Mecea’s feet. He gripped Rex’s sword in his right hand while yelling that, and bent his waist, preparing to attack.

Immediately after, he opened his eyes, clenched his teeth, and kicked off the ground with all his power, jumping towards Mecea.

The jump of this human cannonball, which shot off directly towards Mecea at an inhuman speed, created a shockwave that blew away most of the surrounding Monsters.

Although Kagami was a mere Villager…no, it was because he was a Villager that he had accomplished such a feat.

Abandoned by God, he had continued to fight back, and no matter how many times the barrier called limits stood in his way because of his role as a Villager, he had always relentlessly overcome it. And then, the conclusion.

“My limits…I will decide them!”

He unleashed a single attack, swinging his sword upwards. He had swung the sword with all of his power as he jumped, causing the attack to surpass human limits. Just a single, unimaginable attack.

【Overbreak】

Mecea was pushed upwards by the power of Kagami’s attack, and the solid, black armor was split, like a piece of paper getting sliced in half. The tip of the sword moved faster than the speed of sound, creating a hollow shockwave and quickly tore the armor apart. When the armor around Mecea’s head was destroyed by Kagami’s single attack, the figure of a worn out Demon King appeared.

“Hey, Shishou. It’s been a while.”

Kagami, who had jumped up into the air, exchanged a glance with the Demon King and muttered those words. The Demon King lost consciousness with a smile, as if he were relieved.

“Father!”

Mecea flashed and vanished, becoming a spec of dust, as if it had been eaten by the heavens. What remained was a weakened Demon King, lying down on the barren land. His dark brown hair was combed straight back from his forehead. With his aged face and his beard, he had the features of a middle-aged man.

Douglas Balnesio. This was the Demon King’s name. He was Kagami’s benefactor who had allowed him to get stronger. Nine years ago, when humans and demons had just begun to doubt their relationship with each other, Kagami embarked on a journey to the Demon King without hesitation. Making it to the Demon King’s abode was nothing short of a miracle. He stealthily trespassed into the Demon King’s castle and, while trying to remain hidden, accidentally arrived at the Demon King’s bedroom. The Demon King had taught Kagami many things after finding him.

“Alright, how do you feel?”

“It seems…you have gotten a bit stronger. Will you…kill me?”

“Nono, I have been fighting to save you, you know?”

While letting out a sigh, Kagami replied to the Demon King, who was lying down. The Demon King smiled while lightly laughing at him, and muttered ‘…Like always, you’re an odd Villager.”

From the Demon King’s perspective, someone like Kagami was rare. Only Kagami, a normal Villager who had just exceeded Level 100, would have suddenly come into his room, without any killing intent, and asked him the puzzling question, ‘What do you think of humans?’.

The Demon King felt nostalgia over the days he had used his position as a Demon to train Kagami, who had wanted the power to change his current situation.

The Villager had rushed out during his training, saying that he would somehow fix the relationship between Demons and humans, and now, here he was in front of him, nine years later.

The Demon King intuitively guessed that he had likely experienced many setbacks after hearing Kagami, who had fought to save him, mutter that and seeing a worried Alice beside him.

“I’ve made you worry…Alice.”

“Kagami-san came to save you……Takako-chan and Rex-san’s group too.”

As she said this, the Demon King slightly shifted his unmovable body and looked at his surroundings. There was a martial artist whose physique was more rugged than his own and his servant, Menou. Then, there was the presence he guessed belonged to the Hero’s Party, who were looking at him with bewildered expressions.

“It’s quite the unique party. The Hero there…it would be easy to kill me now, you know?”

“…We have yet to reorganize ourselves. We don’t have any plans to kill you in such a situation.”

Rex gripped the sword Kagami had returned, suppressing his impatient urge, and headed towards the Monster troop surrounding the Demon King.

Even though the Monster troop had them surrounded, they didn’t try to attack Kagami and Rex’s group at all. Although Rex’s group didn’t know what they were planning, it was a very favorable situation for them. Rex’s group and Kagami looked ready to fight, but they were so weak that they couldn’t take another step.





G5: Just a heads up, Takako is described as a 武道家、which tls into Martial Artist. She is not a Monk like Tina.





Xant: We have most of the speech indicators in here. I think it clogs it up way too much. Think of this chap kind of a visual trial run.

Also, today is G5’s birthday. Wooooo~





Answering Such A Thing Depends On Yourself After All | Part 10




“If I decided to kill you…!”

While she spoke, Palna pointed her palm at the Demon King. This was just an empty threat, since she no longer had any magic power. Back when her life had been in danger, she had genuinely wanted to see his reaction in a similar situation. Would he show an ugly appearance as he begged for his life? Or would he accept it without complaints?

However, the Demon King’s reaction greatly differed from Palna’s expectations. The Demon King laughed. He laughed regrettably, like it couldn’t be helped. As if he were accepting the world’s ploy.

Alice was standing next to her father and looked at Palna with teary eyes, as if pleading for her to “Stop it.”

“I won’t allow you to kill Alice-sama and Demon King-sama as long as I’m alive.”

Palna’s mood worsened, feeling as if she had been toyed with by fate. After seeing Menou stand in her way to protect Alice and the Demon King, she wordlessly retracted her hand and turned away.

“Menou…I’m really thankful you assisted Alice. I’m proud to have a subordinate like you.”

“Don’t be preposterous…Everything regarding Alice-sama is thanks to Kagami-dono.”

After conversing with Menou, he looked at Alice and Kagami with a ‘fuu’. As he watched Alice forcibly stuff the last potion down Kagami’s throat, the Demon King smiled. He believed from the bottom of his heart that sacrificing his life would be a cheap price to pay if it accomplished his ideals.

“But…it is necessary to know the true intentions behind these events. Estellar…you, what are you planning to do?”

At the Demon King’s words, everyone turned to face Estellar who was nonchalantly floating in the air. Estellar had been quiet, as if contemplating something, while gazing at Kagami and the Demon King.

“Although I had put in considerable effort to borrow the Demon King’s power in order to threaten the humans, since the next opportunity won’t appear regardless of how long I wait…I see. This is annoying.”

Estellar’s mysterious words resounded in their minds.

“What the hell…is next?”

Kagami asked the question everyone had on their minds.

“Let me give you a few hints on how to beat the crap out of the guys who made this world. There are two ways. The first one…is to kill the Demon King.”

After deliberating over whether to tell them or not, Estellar replied with a sigh, as if it couldn’t have been helped. The only one who understood the hint was Kagami. The others simply looked like they wanted to inquire further.

Kagami had originally considered this issue. Even though Estellar had obtained the Demon King’s vast pool of power, why did he not try to kill them? Didn’t he have a separate goal of eliminating humans?

If the goal was to eliminate humans, weren’t there more effective ways to invade? Why did he pretend to be hostile, as if he wanted to…spread it throughout the world? Why did he resort to taking Salumeria? Why were all of the Salumerian citizens allowed to run away without being intercepted and killed?

With normal invasions, Kagami had always felt as if there was an ulterior motive. However, with that answer, he came to understand Estellar’s words. By making them feel threatened, wouldn’t that lead to the rise of an existence capable of defeating the Demon King?

“Dismissal…!” (Kagami)

Due to his comprehension, Kagami declared that. He had always worried about following the world’s system.

“Right?…That’s why it’s difficult. I have yet to find any records of this being done before now. However, it’s a different issue if you were aiming for that originally.” (Estellar)

“I don’t understand what you’re trying to say at all, though?” (Kagami)

“Show me the item you will need to obtain to complete your goal. The other method.” (Estellar)

“You mean…the 10,000 gold item?” (Kagami)

Estellar nodded to Kagami’s question. He couldn’t understand why Estellar let him know that. However, Kagami finally gave into the feeling that he was being asked for a favor. He couldn’t understand the reason even though Estellar had told him that while looking at him steadily.

“Who…are you? Are you not a subordinate of the Demon King?”(Kagami)

Estellar only muttered, “I was destined to be a subordinate by fate,” in reply before extending his arm and directing his palm towards the Demon King. The Demon King was wrapped in a violet light released from Estellar’s palm, and soon, his figure vanished, as if he had ceased to exist.

“Demon King-sama? You bastard…Estellar! Where did you take Demon King-sama!” (Menou)

“Estellar! Return my father!” (Alice)

Menou and Alice yelled at Estellar while looking worried to death.

“I have collected Demon King-sama. If you want me to return him, show me how you will accomplish it…the other method. That’s right, the time limit is…one year. If you are still struggling by then, I will use Demon King-sama once again, and I will destroy humanity with all of my power.” (Estellar)

Estellar muttered, “I wonder which side will survive next time,” and then his body was wrapped in violet before his figure vanished, just like the Demon King.

Worried about the implication of killing the Demon King in a year, Kagami furrowed his brows and wore a baffled expression.

“Even though…I finally met father.” (Alice)

With half her body already sagging, Alice ended up collapsing and sat down while muttering that weakly.

“Please look….The Monsters are!” (Tina)

Tina was pointing at the Monster troop that was heading back towards the Demon King’s Castle, while completely ignoring Kagami’s group and abandoning the battle.

After they disappeared, Kagami’s group stood alone, already sick of everything in the Astro Wasteland. Although they had been able to protect Salumeria and confirm the safety of the Demon king, they all had a big lump in their chests from dissatisfaction.

Many of Estellar’s words were mysterious, and then there was the issue of defeating the Demon King and obtaining the 10,000 gold. It was like they hadn’t understood this world. They were left with negative feelings while worrying over that unsolvable problem.

“What will we do…now?” (Krul)

Krul suddenly raised the question while Kagami was gazing after the Monster troop that was disappearing over the horizon.

“What will you guys do?” (Kagami)

“I…” (Krul)

Krul considered the question seriously, even though Kagami had yet to look away from the Monsters. To be honest, she couldn’t decide what was right or wrong. Krul and Kagami shared the same dilemma. At least Alice had a parent and child relation to the Demon King, and that wouldn’t change.

The others had the same thought as well.

“I want to listen to your opinions, what do you plan on doing from here?” (Rex)

Although he had initially begun on a journey to defeat the Demon King, Rex was worried about whether he had decided to do that by his own will or by the will of the world.

Rex, who had been gazing into the distance with a lost look, asked Kagami.

When faced with that question, Kagami twisted his body left and right while groaning with a worried look as he pretended to think about it. Then, suddenly, as if he had thought of something, he snapped his fingers with a ‘pachin.’

“Alright, to start with, I’m going to open up a Casino!”

Is what he said.

“””””Hah?”””””

Everyone there exclaimed that with their heads inclined in reply to Kagami’s completely unexpected and baffling words.





G5: This marks the start of Vol 2 in the story.





