LV999 Villager





Volume 2





Author: Hoshitsuki Kitten

Illustrator: ?





Translate: Xant & Minions

Epub: Henkanepubs





Table of Contents

LV999 Villager

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 1

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 2

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 3

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 4

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 5

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 6

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 7

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 8

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 9

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 10

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 11

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 12

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 13

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 14

Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 15





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 1


When Kagami first defeated a Green Slime at the age of 2, he wondered one thing.

“I wonder why these things contain gold?”

However, this doubt that Kagami held instantly vanished. In this world, it was common sense. A natural phenomenon.

No, if anything, he might have thought that way because he was two years old.

With the existence of common magic spells, Kagami’s doubt vanished before he had even realized it.

Ever since then, Kagami continued to defeat Green Slimes. He made sure to always fight them individually, throwing stones at them, digging pit traps, and occasionally sending them flying, while trying not to get poisoned. He steadily gained experience through stone throwing.

However, there was a limit to the experience he could gain from Green Slimes. Kagami defeated Green Slimes everyday and reached Level 3 in a month.

His next target was a monster that lived near the Green Slimes and the village in great numbers, the Moss Goblins.

It had a boar-like appearance and a body covered in green skin, which increased its eerie appearance. It was a malicious monster that would charge and bite its targets. Kagami had been hesitant to strike a blow against it, but, after becoming Level 3, his body felt lighter than ever and his powerup gave him the confidence to challenge it.

From his point of view, it was easy to defeat them. He defeated all the nearby Green Slimes, but the main objective was to see if he could defeat Moss Goblins. He would die from a single bite, and if they had acted as a group, they would have charged him separately and he would have probably died.

However, he fought them one at a time so that he didn’t have to risk such a situation. He avoided their charge, kicked them from behind, and threw stones at them, easily defeating them.

About a year after he started killing Moss Goblins, Kagami reached Level 4. However, he was only Level 4, because Moss Goblins were Level 4 and he could not get any higher, no matter how many more he defeated.

When Kagami thought about what his next step forward would be, he realized that he would need to defeat Monsters that were at least one Level higher. When taking into account the weak Monsters around the village, the next Monsters were Level 7 Goblins.

Maybe, with the adult’s advice, it would not be so dangerous to fight Level 7 Goblins immediately? Kagami had always thought that way and he decided to fight with the Goblins, since he would be unable to raise his level for a long time if he did not.

He had fought and defeated Moss Goblins without getting hurt for a year, so surely he would be able to manage Goblins as well. Kagami approached the Goblins like a hawk and attacked them before understanding why the adult Villagers tried not to fight these Monsters.

The answer was very simple; the risk of death was too high.

The green monsters had a figure similar to humans and would bite with their large mouths if they approached you, just like the Moss Goblins. Kagami would definitely die if he did not use good tactics.

He kept his distance and launched attacks from far away, but because they were armored, they took no damage at all. Despite this, long ranged attacks were beyond them…until they began to imitate the rock throwing.

The stones that the Goblins threw disappeared from his view, and one hit and injured Kagami’s right shoulder.

If the trajectory had been slightly shifted and the rock had hit his head, Kagami would have been killed instantly.

Since he had luckily avoided attacks from Green Slimes and Moss Goblins, this was the first time he truly understood that if he was hit with a single blow, he would have died immediately.

How unfortunate was the existence that was called a Villager? He ran for his life, towards the village, and after seeing the Level 10 Warrior who was staying as a guest defeat the Goblins, Kagami completely understood.

Kagami, who witnessed this overwhelming difference of Status, once again remembered a feeling that he had long since forgotten.

“What exactly…are Roles?”

He questioned the common sense behind the natural things and existences in this world.

Kagami was struck by an unspeakable, inexplicable sensation. However, he could not find the answer. Roles were given to people at their birth, and despite the efforts of the many people who tried to find an answer, there was no answer for them to find.

Instead of recognizing this doubt as a wall, Kagami just ignored it.

However, he did not give up. Since a Level 10 Warrior could defeat them, if he could fight with the power of a Level 10 Warrior, even if he was a Villager, he would be able to defeat Goblins.

Normally, when one realized this fact, it was expected for them to give up, but Kagami did not. He did not want to admit it. If he was born as a Villager, he would continue to live as a Villager.

The risk of death was abnormally high, but Kagami didn’t plan to be burdened with a risk of death. Therefore, he would not take revenge when he became stronger than he was now.

However, even if he thought about wanting to become strong, he could only raise his Status through meager muscle training, such as doing push ups. If he really wanted to become strong, there was no other option but to raise his Level.

If he wanted to raise his Level, there was no other way other than defeating Goblins.

He could not see a way through his dilemma. Even if he struggled and tried to defeat Goblins, he could not do it by himself.

He couldn’t request the cooperation of the other Villagers, since they obviously would not want to die. Also, there was no reason for Kagami, who was still a child, to go out and exterminate Monsters. It was useless to try and hire a Warrior to help him Level Up because he was a child and had no gold. Those were the reasons for his dilemma.

Thus, he was unable to find a way out of his helpless reality, no matter how much he tried. This was the situation when Kagami turned 7 years old.

When he had just turned 7, Kagami was still at Level 4. Although his Status had grown slightly, there wasn’t a significant change.

At 7 years old, he hired a Warrior that was staying in the village and headed towards the Imperial City on a carriage, in order to deliver clothes that had been made at his parent’s tailor shop.

They were attacked by Monsters and Kagami’s father, who was right in front of him, was killed, drenched in his own blood.

The tale of the existence that called himself Kouji Kagami began that day.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 2


“Wow…it’s so cold outside. I want to go back quickly so I can have dinner and sleep.”

Kagami had left the Ancient Cave at a brisk pace, as if he was halfheartedly fleeing from the Hero’s party. He was happy to see that the moon had come out and it had become dark outside.

“The night has a subtle chill. I wonder if I should have planned to go back before it got dark. All right! Let’s go home.”

Kagami placed the Quest form that had 30 Monsters Slain written on it into his bag as he spoke to himself, and began to walk towards Balman City while humming a tune.

“W-wait a moment! Are you trying to leave m-me behind so blatantly?”

The horned girl grasped the hem of Kagami’s clothes in a panic.

Kagami gripped the hem of his clothes and, after glancing at the beautiful red-headed girl, resumed walking without much hesitation.

“Wait! Wait! Why aren’t you stopping for me?!”

“Well, it’s because I’m not a lolicon. I’m not someone who would love a girl who is young enough to be my daughter. I love sexy and busty older women.”

The girl, stunned, let out an “Eeeh”, while Kagami felt embarrassed from describing his own tastes.

“That’s your problem! Why did you save me? I’m a Demon…don’t you know?”

“Because it seemed like you were going to be killed.”

The girl couldn’t hide her surprise at Kagami’s natural assertion. Surely there wasn’t such a human. Neither Demons nor Humans would believe that someone like that existed.

Still, the existence in front of her was out of the ordinary. He was not only a Villager, but also at Level 999.

“I only saved you. I don’t know what you will do from here. It’s fine if you act freely, since you came to the Ancient Cave by yourself. You’re a Demon so you won’t even need an escort, will you?”

“W-Wait! I have things I want to ask.”

The girl looked desperate, so Kagami stopped walking and listened.

“Earlier, you said that you don’t have any plans to defeat the Demon King. Is that true?”

The girl said while looking up fearfully at Kagami, as if she were a small puppy being scolded.

“I don’t. It doesn’t matter who defeats the Demon King.”

“The Demon King won’t get defeated but…you say that it doesn’t matter. Then, why did you save me, who is also a Demon? I don’t understand the meaning of your actions.”

“Wouldn’t you understand that best, since you’re a Demon?”

The moment she heard these words, she began to suspect that the man in front of her was the existence that she and her father had been seeking for many years.

Maybe, just maybe, Humans and Demons were equal beings in his eyes. This man…knew. He was aware of it. This is what the girl began to think.

She was almost correct. Apart from Kagami, the Demon King was the only other one who knew that the Demons were more than monster spawners. However, it was also true that they were harming humans.

Fundamentally, the purpose of their existence was to be an enemy of humans. Thus, there was no reason to complain even if someone tried to defeat the Demon King.

This was just how things were.

“I’ll change the question. Why didn’t you try to kill me?”

“Isn’t it because you haven’t particularly done anything to me?”

“Aren’t I a Demon? An existence solely meant to spawn Monsters…an enemy of humans.”

“It can’t be helped that you do such a thing, right? You can’t be a cockroach, since you can communicate like humans. Besides, aren’t you guys the only ones who can spawn Monsters? That is rather convenient.”

When she heard those words, the girl was convinced. This man was the existence that she and her father had been searching for.

As soon as she confirmed this, she walked up to the man in front of her, who was yawning as if annoyed, and bumped into him with all the strength of someone who was serious and determined.

“I-I want you to marry me!”

“Yea, maybe after a million years.”

“Sh-…shut up. At most, in 5 years. I’ll become glamorous, just like you want!”

She felt tense, as if her heart had ruptured, and she told him as if she was prepared to die. Kagami, far from being fazed, returned a seemingly carefree answer.

“Are you an idiot? It is not necessarily okay for a Demon brat to say that she will become a glamorous woman and propose out of the blue in this world, where Demons and Humans are mortal enemies, not to mention that not even ten minutes have passed since we first met. It’s like a scene out of a manga. Is this something that you want?”

“N-No! I have a proper reason for it! I have been searching for a human like you!”

“Don’t lie to me! It’s obvious that we’ve just met, right!? You even followed me to ask something, even though I had planned to separate immediately. Besides, what were you planning to do with the Holy Sword inside the cave?”

The girl hesitated, but she trusted the Villager’s declaration that he had no intention of defeating the Demon King despite being Level 999, and she opened her mouth after making eye contact with him.

“My father is sick…and I heard rumors about new Heroes going on a journey to try to get the Legendary Holy Sword. If the Heroes appeared with it, I think even my father…would probably be killed, so that’s why…I came to destroy the Holy Sword before they could take it.”

“That’s a fully loaded, amazing joke right there. How did you know about the location of the Holy Sword?”

“It was written inside an ancient book in the archives.”

The girl said, while gesturing to try to convince him that she had searched desperately.

“…Archives? I mean, you did say your father is sick…If there wasn’t a Holy Sword that the Heroes could use, wouldn’t he still win even if it’s a mild illness?”

“No, it’s a serious one. Dad says he can only use 50% of his power.”

“Can’t he win using 50%? Isn’t it fair to treat the Heroes as nothing more than a waste of paper? Who is your father?”

“Umm…he is someone that’s called demonic…that is, the Demon King.”

“Oho.”

He felt contempt for her. Even though she thought that he might become hostile, the girl answered while squirming her body around, as if she was having a hard time speaking.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 3


“For the Demon King to have fallen ill…I mean, is he that weak, that Pops?”

“‘That Pops’…you know my father?”

“Wouldn’t everyone know the Demon King? I met him in the past, though it’s not like I care about that sort of thing anymore.”

“N-Not in the least! I have never heard of a human returning alive after meeting my father!”

Kagami couldn’t tell whether she didn’t want to recognize such a person or she was just happy that he had stayed there. She closed in on him, as if she was examining him, while her eyes sparkled happily.

“From the beginning, I hadn’t gone to kill that Pops. I just went to go meet him…like nine years ago? Which reminds me, how old are you? 10 years? Rather, what’s your name?”

“I’m 13, how rude! My name is Alice, Alice Balnesio. What about you?”

“I am Kagami Kouji, 23 years old. Which means…when I went to the Demon King’s Castle, you were there, right?”

Alice shook her head in answer to Kagami’s words.

“Since the Demon King’s Castle was dangerous, I lived in a village away from the Demon King’s Castle…That’s probably why we have never met.”

“Hmm…your Mother?”

“Not here. She passed away when I was born. I lived together with my relative’s aunt.”

Kagami lightly apologized with “My condolences.” It was likely that he was convinced. Since the Demon King was always targeted by humans, it would be dangerous for him to live with other Demons.

“And? Why are you and the Demon King looking for a human like me? Though you’ve already said it, is it because I’ve met with the Demon King once before?”

“I first began to search for a human like Kagami one year ago, but around the same time that my search began, my father fell ill…I didn’t have time for him.”

“At the time that he met me, I didn’t really think about it. It would seem I’m the person you’re looking for…and?”

“I want to walk down the path of coexistence with humans.”

After letting out a big sigh, Kagami started to walk again.

“It’s impossible. Give up.”

He declared just like that, as if to treat her coldly.

“Why!”

“If it’s this person, I’m sure he will comply.” Alice had thought this, so she shouted towards the leaving Kagami with a slightly annoyed look.

“In terms of us getting temporarily married, so fuckin’ what. I would immediately be called a traitor by the Humans. It’s useless as long as you guys have those horns.”

“But! Apart from spawning Monsters…we won’t change anything!”

“That’s the biggest problem.”

Humans hated Monsters. Demons produced Monsters. Even if Demons didn’t do anything, Monsters would attack humans. If that happened, there would be a chain reaction that would make humans hate Demons.

Even if Demons lived far away from Dungeons, there was a respawn point to produce Monsters. Magic emanated from the horns lingered in the air, and even though most of it dissipated naturally, the remains would get absorbed by the respawn point and a Monster would be produced.

“In the beginning, I too had thought that Demons were an existence that had to be defeated without reservation. Even if you understand that you won’t do anything to Humans, it won’t change anything. Humans will still say that ‘They must be defeated.’”

“Is it because…Monsters are produced?”

“Yes. Aren’t there a lot of humans who think that besides me? There are also people who will continue to say that they will beat Demons to death, even after understanding it.”

Alice sat down, losing power after listening to Kagami. It was unexpected. She had thought that if there was a place where Demons and Humans could coexist happily…the life of Demons would no longer be targeted.

When Kagami saw Alice like this, he returned to her side while letting out a sigh, as if he was unable to bear it any more.

“Well, the Demon King might be thinking of some other methods. First, aren’t there any relatives that can start to figure it out somehow?”

“Relatives? What do you mean by that?”

“It’s about whether or not all of the Demons think about wanting to get along with humans. What about that?”

When she heard Kagami’s words and saw that he had noticed something, Alice looked regretful and bit her lips.

“Right? Due to the history of the long breakdown between humans and Demons, they both hate each other to the extent of wanting to kill. You and the Demon King are rare. Both sides hate each other. If you say things like wanting to coexist with humans, wouldn’t the Demons also treat you as a traitor?”

“Then why doesn’t Kagami look like he’s trying to kill Demons?”

When Alice asked her question, Kagami looked as if he had thought of something and immediately turned around, forcing a moan. “Well—,”

“‘Cause I’m an idiot…”

That was the only thing he muttered. When Alice saw his back, surrounded by an atmosphere of sadness, she didn’t want to question him any further.

Although I don’t understand it well, perhaps this is the belief he holds. It doesn’t matter if Demons get killed, but he won’t kill them. If one looks like they are dying in front of him, he will protect them. The more she thought, the more ambiguous the existence who called himself Kagami became. Alice began to feel slightly attracted to him.

“And? How long will you continue to follow me? We will be arriving at the town soon.”

After about 50 minutes, Kagami, who had declared himself as an idiot, arrived at the hills that overlooked the huge town of Balman. On the way, Alice had also arrived sneakily, as if he had brought her along.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 4


“Umm….Well, I have a favor to ask.”

Alice acted as if she planned to stay hidden, only showing her face from behind a tree while muttering as if she was restless.

“In order to cure father’s illness…I want to go buy some medicine.”

“What medicine?”

“Somebody told me that there’s a rumor of the Quest Guild selling Spirit Protection medicine… I want to buy this.”

“That’s ten gold, do you have money?”

“T-Ten gold!?”

Alice, who had no more than 500 Silver, looked shocked when she heard that absurd price.

The Spirit Protection medicine was reasonably priced, considering it’s effects. It was a type of medicine that affected many symptoms, including cold, poison, curse, petrification, vitality, stamina, strength, aging, beautification, and even backaches.

Even if a small fraction of nobles use it, it doesn’t matter whether or not they use it once a year, it is still a precious item.

“It’s useless. I can’t see you holding it.”

“Umm… Well, the gold… please lend it to me.”

Although Alice said this guiltily, Kagami furrowed his brows with a look on his face that said “What the hell is she saying.”

“There aren’t villagers who would lend lots of gold to buy the medicine for the Demon King. There’s no obligation for me to go that far. It’s too bad the Demon King became sick. He’s bound to be defeated.”

Kagami declared while pointing his index finger at Alice, and Alice’s expression darkened.

Seeing her change, Kagami reflected on what he said because saying ‘the Demon King is bound to be defeated’ to his daughter was too much.

“It’s impossible for father to die….If he dies then all of the Demons would be at risk. This isn’t just our problem!”

Immediately after, Alice cried while she faced him with pleading eyes.

Seeing this situation, Kagami listened with a troubled expression.

“Now that Father is becoming a target of the Humans with his enormous magic power, although they haven’t tried to go look and kill other Demons besides him, if father passes away…..!”

“Ah-…Well, that is true.”

Even if Monsters are defeated, they won’t all disappear. Since Monsters only spawn through the casted magic of Demons, it’s not directly caused by the Demon King.

If the Demon King who conceals an abnormally huge amount of magic is defeated, perhaps next time humans might start to blame Demons who live in various regions for the cause of non-existent Monsters.

So long as the Demon King, who was said to be too powerful of an opponent, wasn’t killed, the other Demons could live without being targeted by humans, even if they didn’t want to help him.

And Demons who understand this aren’t many. Since the Demon King’s Castle is dangerous, putting their residence in a separate location is good proof of it.

“But… Without a doubt this is a problem that will occur sooner or later. The Demon King will die some day. He will be brought to an end some day.”

Kagami had understood this. He had left everything up to chance to his understanding. He had given up since it was something that was completely unavoidable.

A Demon’s life expectancy isn’t everlasting. They grow old and die the same as humans do.

The Demon King is no exception, and even though he is ‘the’ Demon King, he is only one of the several generations of Demon Kings.

Kagami knew this. And if there were no successors, the overwhelming existence that’s known as the Demon King would no longer be in this world.

“I… won’t give up. At the very least if he were to be opposed, if there is still a slight chance of hope, I want to cling to it.”

Looking at Alice clenching her teeth, Kagami felt faintly nostalgic.

For Alice, perhaps this possibility tied in with her father’s life. Kagami had started to somehow guess her real intention about wanting to walk down the path of coexistence.

”You, do you not detest humans?”

To confirm whether or not this was correct, Kagami asked such a question.

“Even if I resent them nothing will start. ‘Cos I’m in the same boat as you.”

Listening to these words, Kagami unintentionally slacked his cheeks, spat out his breath, and began to laugh.

“W-Why are you laughing!”

“No….Since you are capable of thinking that way, I remember that the Demon King also tried to aim for the path of coexistence.”

“The Demons don’t want to lose the Demon King because exposing him is dangerous,” a statement that doesn’t hold truth. Kagami was convinced as such while listening to Alice.

If the Demon King dies, the Demons will become targeted. Of course if Demons were assassinated without reason, it would probably lead to a war between humans and Demons. He doesn’t know how long this peace will continue for. No matter if one side continues till nobody is left, it will lead to war.

Although some of the Demons who were not being targeted no longer wished for war, it would probably begin the moment they lost the Demon King, who was said to be the Great Shield.

“But I think it’s impossible to improve the relationship between humans and Demons.”

Why did he think so? Because he had already thought about it once before.

Although he had thought about it, reality was cruel and he gave up.

He also thought about other methods, but it was clear that he had to give it up.

However the girl in front of him is not giving it up. Since he had given up once already, she is making an effort to try and make it a reality. And this Demon, had come by herself to such a place like this.

In fact, it’s more than Demons hating humans, they are killing humans. and likewise, humans are also killing Demons. It was to ensure the safety on each side.

After all, Alice is thinking that humans and Demons are the same. Since she is thinking about being able to co-exist, “we are in the same boat” comes to mind. Kagami had thought as much.

And he had guessed it correctly.

“Even if it’s impossible now, I might find a way someday, so I won’t give up.”

“Sure, I’ll try my best without giving it up. If it’s medicine you want I’ll buy it for you.”

That’s why Kagami, like himself, had considered supporting this girl until she gave up the possibility of humans and Demons joining hands someday. Because this way seems more interesting to him.

By some chance, he might be aware of something different. He believed in this possibility.

“I-is that fine? But the gold….”

With a sudden change of heart, as Alice suddenly brightened up, Kagami said so as if he were respectfully apologizing.

“Of course you will receive it? Didn’t you say to ‘lend it’ a little while ago? It will be returned right?”

“Y-Yeah! returning around 10 Gold is affordable, because there’s lots of gems inside the castle, it’s fine if I go get it.”

“Well since you will go get it, make it 15 Gold.”

“Eh! Isn’t that increased by 5 Gold?”

“It can’t be helped, otherwise it won’t be worth it. Even if it’s this I’m still giving you a big service aren’t I?”

Although Alice had been surprised by the extraordinary figure, it was in fact a big help to her.

It takes about 10 days to go to the Demon King’s Castle and return back to Balman town. And it’s normal for Kagami to earn about 5 Gold in that amount of time.

“It’s a safe option to escort you along the way to the Demon King’s Castle. C’mon, it’s cheap.”

“Uu…… though father might get mad at me later, it’s fine. Since the gems were left in storage I think it’s fine.”

“Yosh, now that it’s been decided first we need to go to Balman city to buy the medicine, look, hurry it up Alice.”

After Kagami finished saying so, he continued walking towards Balman.

After she had her name called abruptly, Alice, who was staring blankly, immediately smiled as if she were trembling with joy.

“Yeah! Please take care of me, Kagami-san!”

At least Demons, although it’s a fact they were called with names by humans, a girl named Alice was the first one who was inspired with hope of that possibility.

Previously, an existence that was said to be a Monster took his father’s life, and the 7 year old Kagami at that time bore a grudge against Demons who produce these existences, and hated them for it. From the bottom of his heart he had thought about wanting to kill all of them.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 5


However, the one he hated the most, to the point of rage, was himself. The reality was that his body was too powerless. If he had been stronger, his father wouldn’t have died and he wouldn’t have fled by himself, failing his clumsy father.

“Stronger. I want to get stronger…!”

This was his hope, but it had been crushed by possessing the Role of Villager.

The one that killed his father was a Level 34 Monster called a Devil Liger. It had purple, devil-like skin and was a formidable enemy. Its hindlegs acted like a spring, enabling it to pounce with overwhelming speed and strike at its enemies with its sharp fangs. It was something he couldn’t compete with even if he struggled against it.

Even though it was necessary to become stronger to defeat this Monster, it was impossible for Villagers who could not become stronger than the wall that was known as Goblins.

He didn’t know what to do with the anger rising up inside of him. Why was he born as a Villager? Why IS it a Villager? He had no way to relieve his anger, so Kagami devoted himself to hitting Moss Goblins. At the same time, he became miserable.

Despite how there were Monsters that needed to be defeated, he could not defeat them. In his misery, he continued defeating weaker Monsters, from the safest of places and by the safest of methods.

He couldn’t help feeling frustrated. That’s why Kagami challenged Moss Goblins in close combat, with the resolve to die.

Due to his deep hatred against monsters, he refused to give up just because he was an inferior existence.

If he wasn’t strong enough to win, he would rather be reborn with a different Role, is what Kagami thought.

The equipment he had bought to defeat Monsters, from the money he had earned until now, was: the Leather armor wrapped around his body, a Buckler held in his left hand, and a sword on his torso that he had never used before. He faced the Moss Goblins with his buckler firmly planted on the ground.

Immediately after, the Buckler was knocked out of his hands. The force of the charge that could not be fully nullified hit Kagami’s entire body. He vomited blood and felt massive pain, as if his internal organs had been crushed.

Kagami understood the overwhelming weakness of Villagers once again.

Even though he was at the same Level 4, there was a complete difference in real strength between Moss Goblins and himself.

“…You’re fucking kidding me.”

Even so, Kagami didn’t want to admit it. He didn’t want to give up. He was attacked by Moss Goblins again and again as his small body was torn to shreds.

In the end, he exhausted his recovery items and was left semi-conscious, with 10 HP remaining. However, even though one attack was enough to defeat him, Kagami did not give up and defeated the Moss Goblins, turning them into gold.

At this moment, Kagami was wrapped with unspeakable discomfort, causing him to panic. When he opened his Status Window, he shed a single tear.

Even if he defeated Level 4 Moss Goblins, he wouldn’t obtain exp, but Kagami’s Level had still risen to Level 5. That was when he realized something about this world’s system.

【Even if you continue to slay weak enemies, your level won’t rise】

【As the name implies, exp is only a numerical value that indicates your combat experience】

【Even if you defeat enemies equal to yourself with the help of a strong person, exp won’t be obtained】

【Exp is only given when an enemy is defeated by one who deserves obtainable exp】

There was a loophole in these four rules. No, should it be said that the Roles were created in order to fill this hole?

Exp would not be obtained even if you continued to defeat those of the same Level. This was this world’s system, and it was well known. However, there was another way to obtain exp.

One of the exp’s system existed within a separate vector, based on the definition of Levels. This was to participate in a higher level battle. However, rather than it being against a higher Level, it referred to the difficulty of combat.

To give a simple example, long range attacks were overwhelmingly strong against Moss Goblins, since they couldn’t attack with long range. If one continued to attack them at long range, they wouldn’t become a higher level.

When one faced an opponent that was superior in close combat and challenged them at close range, it would be established as a more difficult battle.

Would any Role besides the Villager fight a battle against Monsters of the same Level while limited to a 【Role】’s weakness? The answer would probably be no. That was why no one had learned of this system until now.

No one else would fight such an unfavorable battle.

If they fought an unfavorable battle, it would only be against Monsters of a higher level. Forming a party to fight together would compensate for that disadvantage. They would become stronger by getting exp from the Level gap.

For magicians, if they challenged Monsters of the same level with their fists, perhaps they could earn this exp. However, would such a person challenge that kind of disadvantageous battle? Was it worth risking their lives, despite their higher chance of victory when utilizing magic?

It wasn’t much of a level up if one became ragged in the first place.

This ragged Role was the overwhelmingly disadvantageous Villager; the Role that was most easily able to gain this exp and also had the highest risk of death.

Although it was expected that the Villager would grow faster than any other Role, it was still a Role that had a high risk of death associated with that growth.

That was the Villager.

“Haha……hahahahahahaha! Ahahahaha!”

When he noticed this, Kagami laughed gloriously and smiled mischievously.

It had been prepared. The fate of the Villager was set to a path of bloodshed.

It was a new field that had opened up to him because he was a Villager, and it was a great benefit that he could obtain because he was a Villager. Kagami continued to laugh as though he was a broken doll.

“I’ll do it…I’ll kill them. Monsters, Demons too…I’ll kill them all!”

From then on, Kagami continued to fight, risking death every day, to the extent that it could be said that he had lived an implacable life.

He continued to do this every day, as if he was completely obsessed and couldn’t do anything else. He would fight until his HP dropped to 10, fleeing when he was at death’s door, and steadily earned exp.

It was simple. He fought with his life on the line, not caring if he was defeated or not.

He played with opponents who were capable of freezing people by exploiting their fear, even to the extent of losing their life. There wasn’t a single day where Kagami was not near death.

“I did it…finally, I finally did it!”

The day Kagami turned nine, he successfully killed the Monster, Devil Liger, that had killed his father.

Kagami, who was Level 53, made full use of his equipped Dagger and took down the three Devil Ligers surrounding him without dying.

Kagami’s hands trembled and he was joyous enough to cry out. At the same time, he cherished the feeling of hope. If he continued like this, it would not just be Devil Ligers. Surely, even the Demon King would be defeated by him, instead of the Hero. This was what he had begun to think.

That’s right, in the beginning, it was nothing more than revenge for his father. Back then, it was the prologue to the eradication of Demons and Monsters. No longer did Kagami fear death. He would go as far as he could go, and he didn’t care what would become of him later. Yes, these were his thoughts.

However, before he finally took his revenge, he decided to report to his mother, who had always supported him in his reckless endeavors. Kagami hurried back to the village after defeating the Devil Liger…but he did not arrive at his house. His house was not there.

The village had been reduced to rubble by a bandit attack.

Originally, it was a village in a remote region, far away from the Imperial City. Therefore, there had been no attacks by bandits in the past. Additionally, since the village wasn’t wealthy, perhaps they wouldn’t have been attacked…and only a select few people could be hired as escorts.

The result was that his mother was killed by humans.

Kagami, who had arrived at the village, sat down on the spot, lacking the energy to do anything. He had focused too much on his training and hadn’t thought about the possibility of a situation like this happening. If he was to pass by as a guard, with no equipment or earned money…regrettably, at this late hour, he could only gaze at his mother’s corpse, stunned.

The father he respected was killed by Monsters.

The mother he revered was killed by humans.

Staring at his mother’s corpse, many thoughts began to swirl around in his head. Why had it become like this? Was it fine for him to be depressed at this? Were there no other methods to avoid this?

Then Kagami remembered the first time he had defeated a Green Slime. It was then that he remembered that he could do something about this. In fact, that was the answer to everything that had happened here.

“I’m…such an idiot.”

These were the last words Kagami muttered in that village.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 6


“Well then, we’ve almost arrived at Balman…Where should we go first, Alice-san?”

A great wall surrounded Balman’s perimeter, and a gate became visible to Alice and Kagami as they approached from the wide forest. Alice immediately walked along the shadows of the trees to stay hidden.

“No, well…I’m a Demon. I’ll be exposed because of the magic my horns release if I enter. That’s why I’ll wait here until Kagami-san buys the medicine.”

Alice said with a dry smile, as if she was slightly hesitant.

“Are you an idiot? Isn’t that like you’re declaring ‘Please find me hiding in front of the town and kill me’? If this was going to be the case, I would have left you behind when I said that I would go buy the medicine.”

“But, there’s no other way…”

“Don’t make such a gloomy face. Besides, since I plan to return home and rest first, I can’t leave you alone outside, can I?”

Kagami began to rummage around inside the bag that was hanging over his shoulders, searching for something.

After a while, he muttered “Ah, I’ve got it” and removed a white cloth that looked like a slender bandage. He moved over to Alice’s hiding spot in a tree’s shadow.

“Kagami-san…what is this?”

“Don’t worry about it. Remove your hood and turn your head towards me.”

“Eh, eh? L-like this?”

Alice removed her hood with a dubious face. Kagami coiled the bandage around her horns, tying a tight ribbon around each one.

“Good! The horns’ shape doesn’t really stand out, since they decline downwards. Well, since it’s going to be an ornament used to deceive people, I’ll buy you a ribbon later.”

“It can’t be helped, but wrapping them like that…The way the cloak has been torn still…Huh?”

Alice became aware of her discomfort as she was talking. She no longer felt the magic that normally emanated from her horns. She confirmed that the horns were still there by touching them with her hands.

“Kagami-san, what is the meaning of this?”

“Magic.”

“Geez, answer me seriously! If you have such an item, even the co-existence of Demons and humans…!”

“It’s impossible. Although I think you’ve already noticed it, this isn’t 『Magic Suppression』. It’s a special cloth that 『changes magic into a different substance』. I made it.”

Kagami said, before starting to walk briskly towards Balman. The panicked Alice quickly followed him.

A Demon’s horn was a part of their body that emitted magic. It existed in order to stop magic from overflowing within their bodies.

For example, after the Blue Devil’s horn is placed in a container that can store it, the emitted magic temporarily stays in that spot…but magic power still builds up inside the Demon’s body, which can cause abnormal status.

“That’s why I said that it’s useless. There simply isn’t enough raw materials for it. It’s a miracle that I even found them.”

When Alice heard this, she felt dejected.

“Then, at least tell me exactly what this is.”

“N-…? Monsters absorb magic and then release it, right? Then, do you know the origin of that existence? Those guys that are known as Spawn Blockers.”

“Yeah, I know.”

“About that, no matter how many times you locate and destroy those Blockers, the magic isn’t completely destroyed when it’s released inside the Dungeon…I found this material the moment they released their magic. When their magic gets absorbed, it becomes a strange material that won’t release magic, no matter what the Monster is.”

“It doesn’t lose its efficiency?”

Originally, Spawn Blockers who produced monsters lost this efficiency with their destruction and just turned into stone. However, since the Spawn Blockers released their magic when they got destroyed, humans had already given up on the possibility of destroying them.

“Yeah. Those are super S-rank materials no one knows about. I found them by accident.”

“So this was made by kneading them into a cloth material? Shouldn’t you cherish it? It’s the only one in the whole world.”

Alice was slightly worried about what to do. Meanwhile, Kagami, having seen the cloth taken out after such a long time, reminisced about the feelings of finding it for the first time.

It was a cherished feeling that Kagami found. It wasn’t something he found great joy in, but it was a normal doubt for anyone who had thought…

【What…are Monsters?】

“Hey, Kagami-san. Why did you think to try to make this cloth? This is made to easily fit a Demon’s horns, isn’t it?”

“Hmm? Ah, it was just a long time ago.”

When Alice saw Kagami look slightly irritated and scratch his head, she unintentionally let out a laugh. This person might have also aimed for the same world that she did. No, she was confident that this person would surely try to do so. She smiled and continued to walk behind Kagami until they arrived at Balman.

“A…a…amazingggggg!”

When they arrived at Balman, Alice was astonished and cried out exuberantly with sparkling eyes.

Countless adventurers were often present inside the town and you could see people buying things from open vendors. Tavern workers and owners were out shopping in various places, as well as arranging the goods that they had made.

There were numerous houses covered in bricks or made from wood, wide passages paved in stone, and various Adventurers making speeches at the Square. All of this was new to Alice.

Alice might have been the first Demon to set foot inside of Balman.

“Cheappp! Just for today, we have Humuhumunukunukuāpuaa! 440 Bronze!”

“Cheap! Cheap cheap! Cheap! Cheap! Cheap! Welcome, welcome, it’s cheap!”

“Sea Urchins and Salmon Roe here! 1 Silver!”

“You sure are cute! Won’t you try one of my apples?”

Kagami ignored everything and walked swiftly. Alice looked about restlessly, observing each and every product that she saw as if everything was new to her.

“Hey, be careful!”

“Au, I’m sorry.”

Along the way, Alice collided with an Adventurer who was passing by. Although she seemed like she was pouting while apologizing, the Adventurer didn’t say anything else and walked away.

Although, if he had realized that she was a demon, Alice would have been faced with extremely hostile behavior. That being said, Humans wouldn’t attack you just because you were rumored to be a Demon. They had conversed like equals, which caused an indescribable feeling to run through her. By the time she noticed, Kagami had jumped in joy.

“Kagami-san, where do we go from here?”

“Hmm? I will go buy the medicine by myself later, so first we will secure an inn to sleep at today. I plan to go call a friend to come join us on this trip.”

Kagami answered without hesitation and made Alice anxious.

“Eh…it won’t just be Kagami-san and me going?”

“Isn’t it obvious? You don’t understand. I’m fine by myself, but since you’re here as well, I want someone to stand next to you if I have to fight.”

“B-but…it would be bad if I were to be found out, and isn’t it useless for you to worry about me getting attacked by Monsters?”

“It’s not necessarily just Monsters who will come and attack you.”

When Alice saw Kagami’s sad expression, she couldn’t say anything else.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 7


“Look, don’t make such a worried face. That guy isn’t bad, I guarantee it.”

Alice followed the calm Kagami as they headed directly towards the inn. After securing a room, Kagami left Alice and went to go search for this person that he relied on.

//

“You’re slow…Kagami-san.”

Alice waited inside the room for about two hours. The room was the length of roughly ten tatami mats, which contained two beds, a table, and chairs placed to allow a view of the whole town from the window.

Although she had considered going outside, that would definitely make Kagami worry, so she sat on the bed to fool around and kill some time while watching the town from the window.

Nevertheless, it was definitely boring to wait in the room for two hours without doing anything. After adapting to a lifestyle of sleeping out in the open during her journey from the Demon village to the Ancient Cave, it would undoubtedly be impossible to sleep in a bed. She would simply feel uncomfortable.

“Oi! Are you awake? Open the door for me!”

Just as she started to feel slightly uneasy, she heard the sound of the three knocks alongside Kagami’s voice coming from the entrance.

Alice’s expression lit up while she jumped out of the bed and went to the door.

“Welcome back, Kagami-san! I’ll open it now!”

Alice turned the key above the door knob counterclockwise enthusiastically and opened the door vigorously.

Then she immediately shut the door and locked it.

The moment the door was opened, Alice became expressionless. She thought that she had seen Kagami standing in front of the door, but there had been someone else behind him. It was a large, muscular man who had hair woven in braids, with a height that was 1.2 times taller than Kagami, he wore a pink dougi and resembled a bear.

“O-i, Alice, it’s me, Kagami. I said to open the door for me.”

The voice she heard was definitely Kagami. Since he had called his name, she decided to properly confirm his identity and once again began to slowly open the shut door.

“It’s Araya…How cute!”

Alice froze in fear from the impact of the person behind Kagami.

The man’s build appeared like a body that’s been born to fight. He had a rugged face with a cleft chin, which was separated into two with applied makeup, and apparently applied a moisturizing agent like lip balm on his cod lips. When Alice saw this figure, she selected the command to flee in her head, but there was no path to escape.

(TN: Cod lips means the lips are very big. Stung-by-a-bee kind of big)

The pink dougi made one think that this man’s appearance belonged to THAT group of people. He was just a completely dangerous fellow with that amount of hardened, ripped muscles.

(TN: The joke is he looks gay)

“Cho, Takako-chan. You’re scaring her so go in first.”

When Alice looked past the large man, she finally saw Kagami and her heart immediately became calm.

“Geez…I’m not scary though~? Young lady, I’m friendly, alright~?”

Kagami felt his appearance lacked any credibility. Alice, who had nearly collapsed in fear, collected herself and closed the door after the large man wearing the pink dougi entered the room.

“Yoisho, look, I went and bought the medicine. I’ll hold onto it so you don’t lose it.”

Kagami muttered to Alice soon after he entered the room. He placed the large rucksack on his shoulders next to the window. He had probably been preparing for the journey.

He then took something that looked like a tea set from the rucksack and prepared a flask with a drink that smelled like black tea. The large man sat in a chair and began to drink elegantly.

“U…umm, Kagami-san? The friend you talked about, is that…this person?”

Alice, who had watched the actions of the two people with a stupefied look, timidly asked Kagami a question.

“Hmm? Yeah? This person is the most reliable Level 124 Monk, Takako-chan.”

Alice was still surprised when she heard that the person was level 124 since their appearance wasn’t unique enough for others to expect such a number

Alice believed that he was a Monk, but it was unexpected for Kagami to say that he was the most reliable one.

“Are you listening, Alice-chan? Geez, you really are cute…Want to eat something?”

Alice quickly moved and hid behind Kagami’s back without changing her expression.

“I said that you’re scaring her. Takako is a good person who is willing to be our ally without any issues, even after knowing that you are a Demon.”

“Eh…! Even though you know I’m a Demon…you aren’t scared?”

Alice softened her expression, surprised at Kagami’s unexpected remark.

Oddly enough, she felt a sense of affinity with the monk, who wasn’t hostile to her even though he knew that she was a Demon.

“I still haven’t introduced myself. I’m Takako Vildar. As Kagami-chan said earlier, I’m a Monk. I won’t ever attack you just because you’re a Demon, so you don’t need to worry.”

“W-Why? Aren’t demons a hindrance?”

“Alice-chan is a cute-looking child, and that makes you safe~…Besides, neither Demons nor humans have any relations to me.”

“I too was able to slay Demons in the past, but one time, a long time ago, I exhausted all of my healing medicine and a Demon ended up saving my life…Ever since then, I’ve noticed that Demons and Humans aren’t different.”

Alice widened her eyes and glanced at Kagami and Takako in turns.

“U-Um! I want you to cooperate with me! I want to build a friendly relationship with humans!”

“That’s impossible~. It’s something you cannot understand. After all, Demons won’t stop harming humans. Therefore, I became tired of fighting and now manage Club Gachi Muchi, which lets retired Adventurers enjoy their lives in this town. I’m living a carefree life, no?”

It was during such circumstances when he met Kagami, who had unexpectedly come to play at her bar. He clicked with him and, together with other retired Adventurers, enjoyed quests searching for treasure together. Takako let out a deep sigh.

“I was glad when Kagami came, since he couldn’t come to play recently…However, this unexpected business of wanting to escort a Demon was surprising! If it’s a favor from Kagami, there’s no way I could refuse it, you know.”

“But Takako-chan, you rarely manage the bar anymore.”

“Isn’t it fine if you come to the Club? You can sell things that way.”

“No way. I never want to go to such a horrible place again.”

When she saw the exchange between the two, Alice’s wariness towards Takako gradually faded away.

“Umm…I’m sorry. In the beginning, it was surprisingly strange.”

“Ara! Proper etiquette? It’s fine? Such an appearance…is not overly surprising?”

“I’m in your care, Takako-san!”

Alice bowed to show her sincerity.

“It’s fine? Ah that’s right! Alice-chan has always slept out in the open, right? Don’t you want to take a bath? Shall we go to this city’s hot springs? It’s a good place where there aren’t that many people.”

Alice became excited. Since she had always lived outdoors, she never took any baths.

Although, no matter how many times one bathed, they couldn’t forget the feeling of soaking in warm water.

“Y-Yeah! I want to go! Let Kagami-san go too!”

“If you want to go, then you two should go. Males and females are separated so there is no meaning in going together, right?”

“…Eh? Takako-san will be together with you, right?”

“What the hell are you saying? Takako-chan is a woman.”

At that moment, the vigorous Alice interrupted her thoughts, thinking “Amazing, Kagami-san, to use such magic to stop time!”

“Well…eh? That, like Kagami-san…Takako-san is also big?”

Certainly, she was wearing makeup and a pink dougi. However, no matter what Alice thought, her body was much larger than a normal woman’s.

“But, I’m a woman.”

A chest that tightened with muscles, as if it were an iron plate.

She only had to stand for one to see that her muscles had been forged from training overwhelmingly. It was an appearance that would make one think that it wouldn’t be strange even if she crushed a rock. She was more manly than anyone else.

But she was a woman.

She had arms and legs as thick as logs, along with the appearance of a ferocious bear, and was the Level 124 owner of the Club Gachi Muchi in Balman.

But she was a woman.

“W-w-w-wait a moment! Well, Takako-san has no chest!”

“Takako-chan’s breasts changed into muscle by burning all of her fat.”

Kagami sorted his luggage as he responded, as if he were used to it.

“Geez! Kagami-chan! Don’t you know how to properly choose your words?”

“Haha, stop being so serious Takako-chan. My health is decreasing, right?”

In response to the rude remark, Takako-chan aimed a Low Kick at the back of Kagami’s neck with her log-like legs. A fierce sound rang out when she kicked, lightly shaking the ground.

Although it was impressive that Kagami was enduring it, Alice couldn’t hide her surprise at Takako-san, who had unleashed such a Low Kick. She was…a woman? Alice doubted it expressionlessly.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 8


“Umm, even though Kagami-san is Level 999, you still took damage from Takako-san?”

When she saw Kagami’s complexion worsening, Alice suddenly wondered about that. Although Kagami was obviously strong, being at Level 999, she didn’t know if there was enough of a gap compared to Takako, who had the talented Role of the Monk.

“Well, even if I am Level 999, since the Villager is the weakest amongst the Roles, the gap is about three times as much. Otherwise, I think it’s around 1.5 times? If a Villager wants to win against Takako-chan’s power, they need to be at least Level 372.”

Kagami, whose complexion had worsened from taking damage earlier, responded in a cool manner.

“But even so, Kagami’s strength is still overwhelmingly powerful, right? Was being hurt a joke?”

“No. My HP steadily dropped. Look, when you become Level 100, don’t you get an exclusive Race Skill? Takako-san’s skill is especially dangerous.”

Alice was puzzled when she heard this. Demons, who were unlike Humans, weren’t well acquainted with Levels, so Kagami began to explain the Level system step by step.

Upon reaching Level 100, an unknown, exclusive skill was assigned according to a person’s Role, Personality, Character, and their Fundamentals. Since the Skills were apparently determined by a person’s Role, people came to the conclusion that your Role was the primary factor for what was received.

The difference in ability between a Level 99 and a Level 100 Human is immense. When Rex was gathering his party, he had wanted them to be Level 100 because of this.

Furthermore, he knew an exclusive Race Skill was assigned every hundred levels gained. This is why the Level 253 Hero, who called himself ‘The Accomplisher’ is said to be a Legend.

The Demon King, who was stronger than Heroes, also had two exclusive Skills.

It’s the skill 【Penetrating Shock of Destruction】and to put it simply, it allowed one to ignore an opponent’s defense.

“Takako-chan releases an all-out attack, dealing her maximum amount of damage. It’s an abnormal skill.”

Wasn’t that a ghost-like attack, which ignored physical attributes? Kagami rose after he finished arranging the luggage.

“So what if it’s an abnormal skill? Doesn’t Kagami-chan have plenty of them?”

“Is that so? Kagami-san also has exclusive Skills…Huh? Isn’t it nine, since you’re level 999!?”

Alice was startled and opened her eyes widely as she thought about the amazing power of having nine Skills, having heard about Takako’s abnormal Skill.

“No, it’s at least ten Skills. When I became Level 999, it increased by one.”

“Eh? But didn’t you say earlier that one is obtained every 100 Levels?”

“It’s probably because there hasn’t been anyone who reached Level 999 until now. The limit is Level 999, since the exp bar disappears so you can’t get past it.”

Kagami muttered with an unhappy expression. Alice couldn’t comprehend his thoughts behind his expression. Perhaps he still desired more power? It didn’t appear to be that way. People who thought of finding more power after reaching Level 999 didn’t exist.

If that was the case, Alice had to wonder “Why does this person show that expression occasionally?” A slight pain appeared in Alice’s chest, since she couldn’t completely understand what Kagami was feeling.

“Doesn’t Alice think that having ten Skills is weird enough? Look, isn’t he already fine, even though he was kicked like that earlier?”

“Umm, what kind of Skills does Kagami-san have?”

“It doesn’t mean that I know everything about the skills that were given to me. One looks like an automatic recovery skill and is called 【Auto Revive】. See, even though I was kicked like that, I’m still alive and well.”

Alice and Takako glanced at Kagami, who looked towards the mirror as if he was set on it.

Even if he was Level 999, suitable hardships would normally be required to overlook the damage he had taken, and it would have been difficult. Kagami’s Skill 【Auto Revive】, which healed any amount of damage his opponents dealt, was definitely abnormal, but that was because he had reached Level 999.

It was thanks to this Skill he had obtained at Level 100 that Kagami had managed to become Level 999 at a young age.

“Wouldn’t these Skills make others jealous if they are revealed?”

“Isn’t it fine? It can’t be changed anyways. Please show me your Status Window occasionally. Why are you being stubborn and hiding it?”

“ ‘Cause it’s a secret rule.”

Kagami replied as he showed off his Status Window, which only displayed his Role and Level. Seeing this, Takako sighed.

“Whatever. Even though I’m concerned about it, since Kagami-chan is like that, perhaps there is something he doesn’t want us to know about. Alice-chan, let’s go to the bath.”

“A-Alright…”

Alice saw Kagami’s displeased expression, as if he were slightly troubled, and stopped listening. When Kagami looked far off into the distance at times, he had a lonely look on his face, as if he were sad. What exactly did he know about going to that area? Alice left the room while worrying about it.

Even though Takako confirmed the bath selection before leaving the room, Alice didn’t realize it until it was too late. She couldn’t escape anymore.

Alice, who gave up halfway and prepared for the worst, splendidly passed through the streets of Balman under Takako’s guidance and headed towards the hot springs. The cheerful Takako was strangely scary.

“Ara? Why such a pale face? Hmph, it’s ok, ‘cause I’m letting you follow me.”

“Ah…no, that…yes. Thank you very much.”

“Or, I wonder if it can’t be helped but to feel sad at times, since Kagami-chan won’t show you his Status Window?”

Alice changed her seemingly sad expression.

Although she thought that the primary reason for his coldness was a tragedy that had occurred in his past, she was still unfamiliar with Kagami.

It was troubling for her to be called by her given name for the first time, as well as seeing humans worry about her.

“Even though he is usually blissfully ignorant, Kagami-chan makes a distressed face when it comes to his Status.”

“Does it have something to do with Kagami-san’s past?”

“Although his lifestyle of defeating Monsters and obtaining gold hasn’t changed at all, he started having that distressed expression when he became Level 999. When I met that child, he was about Level 930 and he had shown me his Status Window back then.”

She added “Since I, too, was a normal Bar Owner at that time, I had never shown off such Skills,” as she shook her head and pouted.

“…How did Kagami-san reach Level 999, exactly? Nobody could even reach the area of Level 300, and to go beyond Level 999 is…”

If Kagami knew how, anyone would wonder about it, and Alice was the first one to ask this question. She hadn’t been listening anyways, when Kagami was near.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 9


Even if she tried to listen, Kagami definitely would not tell her. Rather than being strangely deceptive, he’d just wear a troubled expression. Since she intuitively knew this, she didn’t dare ask.

“There aren’t any monsters that are beyond Level 500 in the world.”

Alice stopped and muttered in a small voice.

No matter how much one struggled, Alice was certain that it was impossible to reach that Level. She knew the existence of the strongest monster because Demons coexisted with Monsters. It was not likely for one to return alive if they met it, and it was impossible to flee if they got lost in its territory.

“Surely, one cannot go beyond Level 500. Yet…Kagami reached Level 999.”

“But he knew from the beginning that the strongest monsters are Level 500. Also, it’s fine to not worry about your father’s life being targeted by another Level 999 person, since another person like Kagami is unlikely to appear.”

Takako said to Alice, who was genuinely worried about the method of reaching Level 999, with a gentle smile.

“It’s probably impossible for anyone other than Kagami-chan.”

“Why do you think so?”

“Because for him, every single life is important…I wonder if that makes him the most idiotic person alive?”

Takako began to laugh like a man and added “Hahaha, idiot.”

“Besides, isn’t that something you will eventually come to know from now on? Since we just met, if you feel that you truly wish to get along with us, it would be better to keep your curiosity reigned in.”

Alice slightly reflected on it and lowered her face with a shunned look.

When Takako saw this, she impulsively wanted to hug Alice. She had hugged cute things impulsively in public before, and since it still hadn’t caused a problem, she responded as such.

“Well, I’ll teach you a special method to becoming Level 999! The exp value is still obtained, even if you are at a higher Level. Kagami-chan verified this already.”

“Higher Level?”

“Even if you’re at a higher Level, if your opponent’s abilities are greater than yours, you will get exp. This isn’t normally the case, but since he has the weakest Role of Villager, he can gain exp.”

Alice couldn’t help but feel even more skeptical when she heard this. Since Villagers were weak, she knew that even if he was fighting a Level 500 Monster at Level 900, he would barely win.

Learning about the existence of Skills convinced Alice even more. The more she thought about it, the more she couldn’t help but wonder about the existence that called himself Kagami.

“I, too, don’t know about that. But it’s fine. Whether it’s the past or the present, Kagami-chan is a friendly person who doesn’t change. That’s why, shouldn’t Alice-chan also be at ease?”

Alice, who had been gloomy about various things, brightened at Takako’s words.

She couldn’t ask too many questions, and even though they had just met, Kagami was friendly. Alice wanted to know more. It was fine if she started learning from now. There was no rush, and they would at least start traveling together.

“And since I’m here, Alice-chan should also feel more at ease.”

Alice began to overflow with various feelings when Takako said so.

“I…it’s not like I didn’t want to go to the hot springs anymore. I just began to think a little, that’s all.”

“It’s impossible for a girl to be so sweaty! Even if it’s Kagami-chan, I won’t forgive him!”

Takako’s giant body closed in on Alice and pointed at her as she said so. Alice’s heart paled in the face of such force, and she naturally laughed as if she had given up.

“Here we go!…To the hot springs!”

Takako forcibly grabbed Alice’s hand and pointed towards the direction of the hot springs. Immediately after, a giant, violet object fell down in that direction, making a loud “~Dozun”.

“…Huh?”

This height, perhaps it was four times as tall as Takako?

Since it had, by chance, fallen in the largest area in Balman’s town square when nobody was around, there wasn’t anyone under it. Otherwise, it would have pinned anyone underneath it.

Alice was convinced of this when she saw the ground’s paved stone that had been crushed from its fall and gasped.

“Guru…………Gururu……Guru……Gurufuu……”

The monster raised a spine-chilling growl and slowly began to move, emitting a yellow glint from its eyes. Its two front legs sank into the ground with a “~zun”. It then placed its two hind legs in the same manner and pulverized the ground, as if it was getting ready for a charge.

“You’re in the way.”

“Guru…..Ruo!? Buruooooooo!?”

However, the Bloody Buffer, which had come flying from the sky, immediately received a roundhouse kick to it’s body from Takako and was sent flying into the horizon at an amazing speed. It made a loud sound as it collided with the Square’s wall of bricks and disappeared, changing into Gold.

“Come, Alice-chan! Let’s go to the hot springs!”

“Oh, no, please wait a moment. Amazing, it’s my first time being bewildered like this.”

Takako, who didn’t appear to be sensitive to anything and immediately tried to go to the hot springs after slaying a Monster that fell from the sky with a sudden roundhouse kick, made Alice dizzy. When they surveyed their surroundings, they realized that there were more Bloody Buffers falling from the sky, one after another.

Why were they still calmly trying to go to the hot springs in such a situation? Alice was rather afraid of this.

“Ara. Quite a lot of them have fallen. Although it’s fine even if they fall on my shop.”

“Takako-san, now is not the time to be calm!”

In fact, the situation had turned into an uproar and screams rang throughout Balman.

Why had Bloody Buffers fallen from the sky? When Alice and Takako raised their heads to look for the cause, about ten giant, black-winged monster birds descended on the town.

“Did those monster birds bring those Bloody Buffers? Why, exactly?”

“Calm down, Alice-chan. Even though everyone is making a racket, it’s fine. This is an Adventurer’s Town, after all.”





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 10


Takako said in a calm manner.

When they surveyed their chaotic surroundings, they saw that the confused Adventurers, who were crying and shouting at the same time, were slowly beginning to fight the Bloody Buffers.

It had certainly been surprising for monsters to suddenly fall from the sky, but everyone seemed to be dealing with it without any particular problems. It didn’t look like it would take them very long to completely suppress this level of damage.

“Kukuku…fuhahaha! Not bad, humans! Even though you are at peace now…today is just a test! It’s a declaration of war…the Demon King Army will control the humans!”

Immediately after, a voice resounded inside them, as if it were speaking directly into their minds.

Alice and Takako immediately looked towards the birds that were flocking in the sky. The birds all seemed to be looking down, and they could see a Demon with two horns standing at the front.

“Ara…Could he be your father?”

“No…Father isn’t that young, and he doesn’t have silver hair. But, why is he using the Demon King’s name in such a place?”

When Takako checked, with a slightly troubled look, Alice hastily denied it.

However, Alice couldn’t hide her look of confusion. It was possible that they were just using the Demon King’s name, but they had unquestionably declared war against the humans.

“Fear us, humans…! Demon King-sama has finally begun to act in order to destroy Humanity. In both his name and in reality, you guys will be controlled…for all of eternity!”

***Kagami’s POV***

“So…hungry. There’s so much free time. Hurry up and come back.”

After Takako and Alice left, Kagami laid down on top of the bed, since he had nothing to do. Whether or not it was good to sleep early after eating, he deeply regretted not going to the bath together with them. However, since Balman was always crowded, regardless of the time of day, it seemed too troublesome to walk out right now, even if it was the middle of the night. It would be annoying if he passed by Takako and Alice, so Kagami was waiting on standby.

“As always, it seems like they are having fun. As expected of Balman, cows are even falling from the sky.”

Kagami laughed lightly as he looked outside of the window. Cows were rapidly coming down from the sky to wave at him. He couldn’t help making a retort when such an event was happening.

“If you are showing me this, then today’s dinner will be black beef…No, it will be something less expensive, since Alice is here…But she most likely hasn’t tried it before, so black beef it is…”

Kagami immediately understood that the the Monsters that were falling were Bloody Buffers. He thought it was amusing because such low Level Monsters were falling into a town where Adventurers gathered.

He initially thought that Takako had thrown them around as they fell, since her class was Monk, but he immediately changed his mind.

“Gururu……ruooooo!”

“Eh? This is extremely annoying.”

A Bloody Buffer broke through the ceiling and fell into the room, landing right next to Kagami’s bed.

“Eh-…I wonder what the repair cost will be.”

Kagami looked up at the sky, more concerned about the condition of the broken ceiling than the Bloody Buffer that had fallen in front of him, and noticed the black Monster birds which had dropped the Bloody Buffers. As they flew about and filled the sky, Kagami frowned.

“It doesn’t look like Takako-chan threw them…Did those Monsters do this?”

Black monster birds were fluttering around in the sky. From what Kagami knew, they only appeared in groups. They were only Level 138 Monsters that flew around the Demon King’s castle, the Hell Crows.

Why were they flying about in a flock at such a place? They were even cooperating with fellow Monsters who originally inhabited different areas. Although there were various other thoughts that Kagami initially had,

“It’s a flying piggybank!”

Is what he quickly thought of them as.

Since Hell Crows were able to fly around in the sky, they rarely came down to the ground. He had to come up with a strategy to defeat them. They were monsters that Kagami did not encounter often.

However, Hell Crows liked to eat shiny gems as food, and since they were stored inside their body, you could earn a large amount of gold if you defeated them. They were Rare Monsters whose dropped Items were gems.

“I-I hate it! One, two, three, four, five, six…every single one of them is plump!”

Kagami’s thoughts immediately switched to figuring out how to defeat the Hell Crows, who were flying in the sky. He didn’t care about the ceiling’s repair cost anymore because it would be fine if he paid with the gold from defeating the Hell Crows.

He actually started to feel grateful for the Hell Crows and Bloody Buffers that had come to attack in flocks.

“Kukuku…fuhahaha! Not bad, humans! Even though you are at peace now…today is just a test! It’s a declaration of war…the Demon King Army will control the humans!”

A voice resounded inside Kagami’s mind.

“Fear us, humans…! Demon King-sama has finally begun to act in order to destroy Humanity. In both his name and in reality, you guys will be controlled…for all of eternity!”

“What the hell is that guy saying.”

Kagami said hatefully in response to the voice he suddenly heard. He knew the existence that was called the Demon King. Incidentally, he also knew his daughter. It was precisely because of this that he knew that the owner of this voice…was probably just a Demon. He understood that the Demon was selfishly twisting the intentions of another, which angered him a little.

“Gururururuoooooo! Guruooooooo!”

When the Bloody Buffers let out a war cry, as if they were announcing their existence, Kagami looked at them.

“Just about right.”

“Guruo? Guru…!?”

Kagami grabbed one of the horns extending from the Bloody Buffer with one hand, lightly lifted it up while supporting its giant body, and flung it into the sky with full force.

Larger than a cannonball, the Bloody Buffer flew in a straight line towards the sky and collided with the flock of Hell Crows before changing into gold.

The Hell Crow that received a direct blow from the Bloody Buffer changed into a large amount of gold and gems, which scattered into the air.

“Shit! There’s a possibility of other guys picking that up!”

After saying that, since there weren’t any fleeing children in the vicinity, Kagami jumped out of the broken ceiling. After he found the Bloody Buffer he flung into the sky, he began to search for Takako.

“……Eh?”

The Demon who was standing on top of the Hell Crow in the sky could not understand what had happened to the Hell Crow that was killed and wore a puzzled expression, with snot running down his nose.

***Kagami POV End***





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 11


The town was wrapped in the strange sight of Bloody Buffers flying back up into the sky one by one. It looked like the cows had done their best to stand on the ground, but had been pulled back up by the force of God and flew into the sky. The scene later became famous in the town.

“Takako-san, the Bloody Buffers are flying into the sky, one after another…what’s happening?”

“Kagami-chan is probably the only one who could do such things. Even if I’m in my best condition, I don’t think I could reach those birds flying in the sky. Only he is able to fling them so high.”

Alice listened to this while staring at the Monster standing next to her with her mouth wide open. Takako, on the other hand, had an exhilarated look as she watched the Bloody Buffers and the Monster Birds falling one after another.

“But, as expected of Kagami-chan. It feels good to send them flying. It seems like he immediately understood what was happening. Let’s go, Alice-chan.”

Takako began to walk towards where the Bloody Buffers were flying into the sky. Alice nodded in agreement and chased after her.

When they checked the town’s state as they ran by, they saw that the townsfolk had already escaped from the confusing situation. Half of them were in a festive mood, while the other half was shouting in anger towards the Demons.

Those who were treating the event like a festival were drinking sake while watching the Bloody Buffers fly into the air. They also shouted and cheered as they watched the adventurers fight the Bloody Buffers that were rampaging nearby.

However, the town wasn’t undamaged and few were joyful about the Bloody Buffers. Some had suffered injuries, while others had their homes destroyed. They glared at the flocking Monster Birds with a desire for vengeance.

When she saw this, Alice’s expression became clouded. She had the feeling that she might be blamed for trying to cause a reconciliation between Demons and Humans.

Takako tried to cheer her up by saying “It’s not the first time this has happened”, and thought about the long road ahead of her. Although she had hoped that they would cooperate, it was clear that the people standing there would be opposed to the idea.

“Adventurers! Now is the time to stand up! As if we will fall to the hands of the Bloody Buffers! Let’s join forces, defeat all the Monsters, and let those who oppose us know of Humanity’s power!”

“Uooooooooh!”

Adventurers aimed for the subjugation of the Demon King by defeating Monsters, and the party who stood in front of them, at the vanguard, had delivered a speech before the nearly-dead Bloody Buffers.

Rex pierced a Bloody Buffer with his sword. Krul stood beside him, wearing a serious look, and Tina hid behind them in embarrassment, while Palna yawned as if annoyed.

“Behold! There is no way other Roles could use this sword technique! The power of this technique does not just fling them!”

Rex pulled his sword out of the Bloody Buffer and let out a loud cry towards the heavens.

The Bloody Buffer changed into gold just as a flash of light poured onto Rex and the sky darkened with clouds.

The light that poured onto Rex spit out electricity, causing a small shockwave to hit its surroundings, and wrapped around the blade of Rex’s sword.

Then he positioned himself as if he had sheathed his blade and slowly began to move his sword.

「Holy Thunder ・Furious Beheading Wave！」(TN: 「聖雷・剛烈波斬！」)

Rex swung his sword towards the sky while calling out the Skill’s name, even though he didn’t need to say it. A powerful body of light flew out, as if detached from the sword, and traveled straight towards the Hell Crows with tremendous speed, forming of a blade of light.

The blade of light hit one of the Hell Crows, piercing it, and released an electric shock that was strong enough to burn it to a crisp.

The Hell Crow changed into gold coins and gems before the electric shock had finished discharging, so the gold coins and gems were zapped into dust.

“See that! Just from my strength alone, those formidable, flapping Monsters in the sky are irrelevant! It’s not enough to scare us if they are only attacking!”

Rex returned his sword to its sheath as sweat dripped down his forehead. Though it was natural for him to be strong, since he was a Hero, he was able to defeat a high level Monster in a single blow. Alice gave him a respectful look and gasped, “Amazing…as expected of a Hero.”

“A-are you fine, Hero-sama? It seems like your body received that lightning strike?”

Krul immediately ran over after seeing the weakened Rex stagger due to using his skill just now.

“…I’m fine, but…since I used a large portion of my power, I can only cast it twice. We won’t let the Demon King Army pose a threat to Humans, even if we don’t have power.”

Rex said with a fatigued look. Krul nodded in silence and gathered the attention of the surrounding Adventurers.

“Please hear me out, everyone. Surely, a Hero’s strength is tremendous, but it’s not infinite! Everyone’s cooperation is essential to show the power of humanity to the Demon King Army…Please lend us your power, in the name of the Hero!”

“Uooooh! Let’s do ittt!”

With Krul’s encouragement, the Adventurers’ morale was boosted and they raised their weapons one after another.

“Hero-sama…are you okay? I’ll treat you n-now!”

Meanwhile, Tina and Palna approached the exhausted Rex and Tina handed over a potion to heal his stamina. Palna looked surprised as she praised the greatness of his Holy Thunder ・Furious Beheading Wave.

“This flow is a bit bad.”

Takako muttered while sighing. Alice couldn’t understand what made the flow bad. She had considered the various risks of massing them together to take them out in one fell swoop, but it wasn’t really a situation that one could call ‘bad’. She looked at the Demons in the sky and tilted her head, unable to understand.

“Everyone, it’s important to coordinate your timing! Not only are the opponents flying in the sky, they are high Level Monsters. Unlike Hero-sama, I do not think we will defeat them in one blow.”

As Alice was pondering Takako’s words, Krul issued instructions to the gathered Adventurers. Along with Rex, they prepared to cast a skill that allowed long-range attacks. Those who could not help took out Bows and Crossbows, while those who could use magic began to chant.

“Hmm?”

Takako lost her troubled look and smiled while raising her voice, as if her chance had come.

Although Alice didn’t know what the tall Takako had seen, it didn’t seem to be related to the Adventurers in front of her.

“Now! All out attack!”

On Krul’s command, all of the Adventurer’s attacks shot out simultaneously.

“Takako-chan! I leave it to you!”

“Please leave it to me!”

Almost at the same time, a man’s voice echoed, calling Takako. In response, Takako jumped into the sky, causing an exploding sound to resound.

In the next moment, the scene came into her view. Two Bloody Buffers suddenly flew out next to each other and prevented most of the Adventurer’s attacks.

The two Bloody Buffers were pierced with arrows and crossbow bolts, protecting the flying Monsters. Takako, who had flown up into the air ahead of time, drop kicked the Bloody Buffers into the ground.

The Bloody Buffers that were drop kicked naturally died and their bodies changed into gold.

“Hey, hey…give me a break. Even though it took great pains to ensure four of them…don’t be unreasonable.”

What on earth had happened? Confused, most of the Adventurers there heard the voice and looked towards the direction that the Bloody Buffers had flown from.

There, a young villager-like man was loosely dragging two Bloody Buffers by their horns with one hand. It was Kagami.

“Y-…You!”

Why was there a Villager dragging Bloody Buffers with one hand? It was too strange to be a joke. All of the gathered Adventurers looked surprised. However, the only one to say anything was the one who already knew and had conversed with this man, Krul.

Rex’s face distorted and he glared at the Villager with vengeance.

“Yoishotto.”

Kagami walked up to Krul and forcibly shoved the Bloody Buffers he had dragged along into the ground. Palna saw this and said, “It’s seriously planted in there,” with a dry smile.

“Why are you here…were the Bloody Buffers just now thrown by you? How on earth were these Bloody Buffers beaten?”

“So many questions. Is it normal to wonder if I am the only Villager in Balman? By the way, you don’t have to worry about these Bloody Buffers, because they’re unconscious.”

Kagami had a refreshed look, almost as if he had been plowing the fields. Krul glared at Kagami with discontent.

“What’s the meaning of this! Even though we took great pains to try and face the Demon King Army with our combined force…You’re in the way! Did you just want to show off your own power like that? Or are you actually in league with the Demons…that little sister, of course!”

“Dosukoi”(TN: a type of cheer used in sumo matches, doesn’t really have a meaning. Now you know :3)

“Hyan!?”

Kagami had been thoughtlessly listening to Krul’s complaints, but he ran out of patience because it was taking too long. He released a light, powerless chop at Krul. Krul was naturally unable to respond to the chop and she raised a strange voice when it hit her.

“A-all of a sudden, what are you…? This is the first time in my life, since I was born, that I was hit by a gentleman!”

“It would be good to treat it as a valuable experience.”

When she saw Kagami showing no remorse, Krul glared at Kagami with a red face. He didn’t really understand if she was embarrassed, angry, or shy.

“Princess…although it’s a good idea to coordinate the timing of the attacks, you only get three points out of ten.”

Krul’s glare disappeared when she heard this and she looked bewildered instead.

“W-Why?”

“This is the town, right? It would be different if there was enough power to kill them in one blow, but isn’t it careless of you to attack them without that guarantee? Won’t it be dangerous if the weakened Monsters fall in a place with people in it? Hell Crows are Level 138, so they are dangerous even without flying. What were you trying to do?”

“T-That…”

Krul diverted her glare away from Kagami, wearing a clouded expression. She hadn’t considered the damage that would occur while the nearby Adventurers tried to kill the Monsters that were brought down.

“Also, aren’t bows and crossbows unwise? If they were to miss, the arrows would rain down onto the city. Wouldn’t they cause serious wounds to whoever they hit? It would have been dangerous if Takako-chan wasn’t there.”

Kagami made eye contact with Takako, who gave a thumbs up as a ‘good sign’.

After he had explained it to that extent, everyone in the hero’s party, as well as Alice, understood the meaning behind Kagami’s earlier actions. It was to protect the humans that lived in the town.

“Well, it’s due to a lack of experience. You have to get more accustomed to fighting. However, I think your concept was good? After this, if you do your best, I think you will be able to instruct people more accurately. First of all, you should consider what should be the highest priority.”

Krul was keenly aware that she had been too obsessed with the Monsters and hadn’t really thought of anything else. She had wanted to try to bear the burden of defeating the Monsters alone, rather than wanting to be released from the responsibility. She felt an uncontrollable amount of gratitude towards Kagami.

“But, the Hero over there, you are useless. Zero points.”

Before she could relay this gratitude, Kagami pointed at Rex while releasing an unusual hatred, causing her to swallow her words.

Rex was naturally scared and bewildered by the finger pointing at his body.

“W…why?”

“The power of your skill is wonderful. It’s as if that skill recognizes your greatness just from you learning it…but you made both the gold and drop items disappear. Just for that, I will never forgive you. It can’t be forgiven.”





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 12


After Kagami said this, Rex muttered “Yes?” with a puzzled expression. Almost all of the surrounding people reacted in a similar way. Meanwhile, Kagami directed his line of sight towards the Hell Crows that were still flying around in the air.

“For now, leave the disposal of the Hell Crows to me! Or rather, you should leave everything to me.”

“Hold up, hold up. Even though your power is really amazing, aren’t you helpless by yourself? Your opponents are flying in the sky.”

Palna folded her arms and responded to Kagami’s shout of “Leave the processing of the Drop Items to me too!” by pointing out the problem.

However, Kagami immediately lifted up the two Bloody Buffers he had been grabbing by their horns and threw them towards the flying Hell Crows with all his might.

“Ah! It was you!!”

Rex finally realized the true identity of the one who had sent the many Bloody Buffers flying towards the sky earlier, and he raised his voice while pointing at him.

“…!!”

Rex’s face distorted when he saw the Hell Crow torn up by the direct hit from the flying Bloody Buffer. The attack seemed to give the impression that Kagami was assuming that he was the only one putting in effort.

“Y-You…aren’t you a Villager? How do you have such power!?”

One of the Adventurers who didn’t see him as an abnormal presence called out to him.

“Effort.”

Nearly everyone made a drawn expression, unsatisfied with Kagami’s statement, and wanted to say “What the hell is that guy talking about.” Only Rex glared at Kagami, clenching his teeth.

If it was just effort, he himself had also given it. Nevertheless, he could not agree with the strength of that Villager, compared to his. Effort? It couldn’t be a reason like that. He had put in effort many times. But was it still not enough? Was just training not enough, despite the power he had managed to obtain until now? It couldn’t be such a thing. How on earth had that guy obtained the power to make such accusations? It was impossible for him to lose like that. Such thoughts were swirling around in Rex’s mind.

“Even if you don’t show it, I understand your power. I’m not such an idiot that I can’t understand it, no matter how many times you show it to me. I say there isn’t a way for you to defeat those guys up in the air. Aren’t you helpless because a Villager can’t use magic?”

Kagami was amazed at what Palna said and answered, “Well, there are none.”

“Eh, Kagami-san can’t use magic!?”

Alice, who had been secretly nearby, looked surprised when she heard Palna.

“Ara, it was…you. Wasn’t she your little sister…Kagami-san?”

Palna reacted to the sudden voice, and everyone there looked towards Alice.

Most of those who looked at Alice had normal expressions. It was just the Hero’s party who had skeptical looks.

Alice saw this situation and her sight slightly shifted to the right, thinking that she had been found out.

“I’m saying that my sister calls me by my name, since a long time ago. It’s not like I wasn’t going to give my name. I am Kagami. Call me Bishoujo Kagami-chan~”

“…But you aren’t called that.”

Kagami followed up in a split second, but Palna’s suspicious gaze didn’t change. Kagami splendidly ignored her gaze and moved until he was in front of Alice.

“Good, were you safe? Did they call you a chibi (TN:pipsqueak, small fry etc)? It’s fine to call you a chibi until you’re one litre though?”(It’s a joke about her tits)

“I’m not a child! Rather, you’re unable to use magic, Kagami-san?”

“Just because I’m Level 999 doesn’t mean I’m omnipotent.”

Alice stared at Kagami as he replied with an uneasy look on his face, as if he was appealing to her. To think that she had never had a chance to talk about magic with him. She stared at Kagami with a sorrowful look.

For a moment, Alice thought that it couldn’t be helped, but now she really wanted to go to the toilet so she slightly directed her stare at the sky. Kagami assumed that Alice was thinking about what to say.

“Alright. It’s fine, so don’t worry about it. I’ll manage it, somehow.”

Alice loosened up after hearing those words, as if she felt relieved.

Krul lost her skeptical look when she saw this and slowly approached Alice. She hugged Alice while seeming to be slightly apologetic.

“I agree…it was scary, huh. I mean, you’re still so small. But it’s fine, we will surely annihilate the Demon King’s Army. That’s why, isn’t it fine to be at ease?”

Krul misunderstood that Alice had been frightened after seeing the Demon King’s Army and she gently smiled at Alice while reassuring her.

“Role, Princess. Skill, Misinterpretation.”

“…Did you say something?”

“…Isn’t it just your imagination?”

Krul faced Kagami, as if she wanted to ask him something, and, while looking as if she had seen a pitiful person, responded to him.

“Kagami-san…was it? I still haven’t introduced myself. I was born on the tenth month of the lunar calendar and I am called Krul ・Hexal Doria. Although Kagami-san’s power has been repeatedly acknowledged, I don’t think we can make the Demon King’s Army understand Humanity’s power if we don’t coordinate our power now. I’m thankful for your suggestions earlier…but please leave this place to us.”

“Why do you think that you can make them understand?”

“Eh?”

She had been teeming with confidence that he would advocate her idea, so Kagami’s unexpected response surprised her. She was slightly bewildered, not knowing the intent of the question. After taking a deep breath, she stared at Kagami in a serious manner.

“The Demon King’s Army doesn’t know Humanity’s potential. Therefore, we have to attack and show them our power. Regardless of whether we attacked carelessly or not, it’s necessary to make them understand! We need to try and attack them again, without thinking about things like being careless!”

“Even though you thought about it until now, why haven’t you noticed it?”

“What do you mean by that?”

“Why do you think that the Demon King’s Army doesn’t understand Humanity’s potential?”

In response to Kagami’s baffling question, Krul stopped and thought about it carefully. Although the question was unusual, it had a simple answer and she came up with it quickly.

“Because…the Demon King’s Army has never come to attack us?”

“That’s right! You understand well! Well done, well done!”

“P-Please don’t treat me like a child! What’s the point you’re trying to make?!”

Although she had said the answer to the question herself, Krul didn’t care about it and raised her voice while blushing in response to Kagami. When Kagami saw this, he thought from the bottom of his heart that her common sense was terrible and let out a slight sigh.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 13


“There have been no attacks until now because of the Demon King’s will, right? But they came and attacked. Did something happen to the Demon King? Do you not think that there was some type of change with the Demon King?”

“That may be…but even if something did happen, it wouldn’t change the fact that the Demon King is an enemy. I do not know what changed, but it is undeniable that they came to attack.”

When he saw the look in Krul’s eyes, which were filled with conviction, he looked up towards the Hell Crows in the sky and then stared off into the distance while saying “Well, yeah.”

People’s opinions wouldn’t change so easily. Kagami knew this well. That was why he had given up on various things. He had just fought alone and continued to gather gold for his own purposes.

Since she couldn’t see things from Kagami’s perspective, she could never understand him. Kagami realized this from her desire to fight.

“…Well, yeah. The Demon King is certainly an enemy, for humans that is.”

Alice’s expression dimmed at these words. However, as if he wanted to comfort her, he put his hand on Alice and continued to speak.

“That’s why it’s fine if the Demon King defeats you guys, and it’s fine if he had plans to defeat you from the start. But, what would you do if the Demons who came to attack this time were unrelated to the Demon King?”

“The Demon Army that is attacking now…has no relations to the Demon King?”

Of course, it was a remark that indicated that Kagami had some kind of understanding of the connection between the Demon King and the Demon King Army that was attacking right now. At the same time, he had insisted that something was wrong.

It was a fact that it was the first time Humanity had been attacked by the Demons, even though the Demon King wasn’t there.

“They might be acting violently after borrowing the authority of the Demon King, but there are also Demons who hold a grudge against the Demon King and might be trying to lure Humanity to a quick defeat. It might just be a trap.”

“…And? After all that, what is it that you want to say?”

Palna was unable to stand Kagami’s pompous way of speaking any longer and she glared at him, as if angry, while letting out a sigh.

“Instead of defeating them, you should apprehend and interrogate them. Isn’t it more important to learn the truth than to show your strength? In any case, even if they are an enemy, let’s go listen to them to learn about their internal affairs. It looks like they are over there.”

“What will you do after listening to them? It’s not like they will stop being enemies. Besides, aren’t they in the sky? It’s impossible to catch them.”

“You would be able to figure out if it is a trap or something else that they’re plotting, right? You don’t have to defeat them just because they’re an enemy. Saying that it’s useless to catch them…don’t you realize that you are giving up?”

Palna felt sweat run down her cheek as she listened to Kagami’s words. She attempted to talk before deciding to listen to him. Kagami directed his sight to Takako and both of them nodded their heads.

“K-Kagami-san, what do you intend to do?”

“Something like this.”

Right after Alice asked her question, Kagami snapped his fingers as a signal. Takako vigorously kicked off of the ground, generating a tremor that felt like an earthquake, and jumped into the sky. Kagami also jumped into the sky, with enough speed to catch up to Takako, and left a crater in the ground, as if there had been an explosion.

“Takako-chan, I’ll leave it to you!”

“Please leave it to me. It’s a free human transport service with no guarantee of keeping one’s life…I’ll go? Go dieeeeee!

Before the approaching Kagami caught up and passed by her, Takako twisted and rotated her body and kicked Kagami up into the sky with all her might. Kagami flew as if he had been blown away by her feet.

Kagami had willfully named the skill,【Takako Bazooka】. It was a Jump Combination technique which allowed Takako to send someone into the sky.

It was a skill that he had requested Takako to use once in the past out of curiosity. He hadn’t thought of using it to make someone fly until now. Kagami had received damage beyond his expectations so the skill had been sealed, with the reason being “It is useless.”

However, it was the perfect skill for the current situation, where the enemy was in the sky. The pair had come to a mutual understanding just by meeting their gazes.

“Ah, well, this and that.”

Consequently, this skill had a weakness that couldn’t be understood with the few attempts Kagami and Takako had made.

“Didn’t know this makes someone pass through without hitting anything at all.”

If it wasn’t targeted properly, it became rather sad because the person would pass by without hitting anything. Takako noticed that, after kicking him upwards, Kagami was clearly flying towards the beautiful night sky that was filled with stars but empty of Hell Crows.

“Goodbye, Kagami-chan~”

Takako immediately gave up on Kagami’s life. Giving up, she closed her mouth with her hand as she fell back down towards the ground and teared up. It was as if she wanted to say something, even if it was irrelevant.

“Aaaaaaaah-……..!”

Sure enough, Kagami missed the flock of Hell Crows by a large amount and flew higher into the sky. It was as if life’s mysteries had come from the ground into the air, while raising his voice, and the Demon who was riding on one of the Hell Crows instinctively felt fear.

“W-…What is this town, exactly…? Is it really a human town? Not only do Bloody Buffers come flying, but humans as well…? Indiscriminate? Are they indiscriminate?”

The heart rates of the Demons that called themselves the Demon King Army rose to unprecedented levels.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 14


It was likely that the situation was different from what they had predicted. The Bloody Buffers had understood that their only purpose was to cause destruction and confusion, since it was a town of Adventurers.

Even if, by chance, a hero had come to stay in this town, the Hero’s usage of the Light Slash was limited to defeating one Hell Crow.

However, it was unexpected for the Bloody Buffers to be blown into the sky, especially by a single human.

Although the thrown Bloody Buffers had only hit the Hell Crows, the Demon was uncertain as to whether humans had also been hit and gradually became fearful.

(ED: He’s scared because he thinks that the humans don’t care about friendly fire.)



There was something unexpected within this town.

“Calm down a little.”

“Do you think I can be calm!? This plan is really crazy! Shit…By this, Demon King-sama’s dignity will be…!”

The voice behind him caused him to hang his head and lose his composure in anger.

After several seconds passed, he realized that there was a puzzling presence behind him, which had spoken with him as if it were natural. He did not know why it had come to talk to him, but there shouldn’t have been any being who could talk to him while he was in the air. He became pale and nervously glanced behind him.

“Who the hell are you…!?”

“What’s with that outdated speech? I’m just a villager who is passing by.”

The Demon was at a loss for words when he saw the bizarre scene of the presence in front of him calmly standing amongst the Hell Crows. The presence was casually enjoying the view that could be seen from this height. As if there would be a Villager in this situation. Villager?

“Villagers…should know the limits of their bodies!”

When the fearful Demon recognized the existence in front of him as a Villager, he impatiently pointed his palm at Kagami and released three shots of close range Blast Annihilation Magic. The blast of the fierce explosions and the sweltering heat attacked Kagami, but…

“Calm down.”

Only the upper portions of his clothing had been blown off. The person who had been hit by the magic repeated his earlier words, while staying composed.

Kagami had taken damage, without a doubt. His skin was burnt and blood was dripping from the wound inflicted by the explosion. However, the damage done was too low.

The Demon had planned his attack to show his true strength. Three blasts of his Blast Annihilation magic should have been enough to kill opponents who were around Level 80, or at least leave them on the brink of death. He shivered at Kagami’s composed look and thought, “That guy is…”

“How did you come here…? Answer me, human.”

“A gorilla-like person kicked me. You might think that it was useless to have landed on a Hell Crow by luck, but I got here by riding the other Hell Crows.”

Although the Demon couldn’t really understand what was being said, he realized that this human was the one who had flown by earlier.

“Who are you…perhaps you aren’t a Villager? Are you a Hero? Or maybe you’re a Sage?”

“Nope. I’m just a normal Villager.”

Kagami revealed his Status Window’s Level and Role, as usual. When the Demon saw the Level value of 999, he was speechless from surprise.

“I-Impossible! Surely such humans don’t exist!”

He made a remark a few seconds later, as if his heart had temporarily stopped beating.

“No, they do.”

Kagami became doubtful and made a troubled expression when he saw the fervent and narrow-minded Demon.

“You aren’t listening…if there are guys like you out there, then, by this, the position of the Demon King will be…!”

“Ah, calm down. I don’t have any desires at all to defeat the Demon King.”

“…? What do you mean?”

“I am friends with the Demon King’s daughter after all. The name is Kagami Kouji. It’s a pleasure.”

The Demon showed a mixture of confusion and surprise at Kagami’s words.

“I don’t really understand what you are saying.”

“Well, the meaning is that I am currently traveling with and taking care of the Demon King’s daughter.”

“…!? You’re saying that Alice-sama is in this town!?”

Although the Demon did not know if what Kagami said was true, he feared that he might have put the Demon King’s daughter in danger and his chest felt painful.

Before this operation began, the Demon had searched for Alice, because there had been an order from the Demon King to bring Alice back. He had headed towards the Demon Village where Alice was supposed to be living but could not find her, even though the Demon King Army had searched the surroundings in full force.

Therefore, regardless of the real intentions of this man, who claimed he was a friend of the Demon King, the chance of Alice being here was considerable. After all, there was no reason for a normal human to know that the Demon King had a daughter.

“Are you…an ally of Demons?”

Although it was very unlikely, the Demon at least tried to ask Kagami.

“I’m neither an ally nor an enemy. Though, I think that it’s inevitable that the Demon King will be killed.”

The Demon slightly regained his composure. Kagami’s expression brightened when he saw that the Demon understood some of what he was talking about.

“Finally, I’m saved because there is a guy who will actually speak with me. I’m a human so nobody would listen to me, just because I’m supposed to be an enemy.”

“If you mean that you didn’t come to defeat me, what are you planning to do? Did you come to tell me that you are holding Alice-sama hostage?!”

“I came to ask questions.”

When Kagami smiled, the Demon felt a chill and was unable to say anything. It wasn’t because of the height or the swift, cold wind caused by the Hell Crow’s flying speed. The Demon was attacked by an overwhelming feeling of anxiety and felt as if his hands and feet had been completely bound.

“This attack operation, was it an order from the Demon King?”

“It-…It was undeniably an order from the Demon King! Demon King-sama has finally begun to move in order to dispel the humiliation we have received from the humans until now! Humans must all be destroyed!”

“Although I said earlier that I’m neither an enemy nor an ally, if I am an enemy, isn’t it fine if I just decide to kill the Demon King?”

That was when the Demon finally understood what he had been sensing. The eyes of the man in front of him were bloodthirsty, as if indicating that the man was coming to hit him. As if the man would be willing to resort to such an unspeakable lie.

Perhaps noticing this, Kagami stopped smiling and became expressionless. Although Kagami’s words had not been a joke, the Demon concluded that he could confirm Kagami’s true intentions behind coming up to such a place.

“Bastard…you said earlier that you are friends with the Demon King. Is that…really true?”

“Aah, that. I exaggerated so I could calmly talk with you. Although our relationship isn’t good enough to be called friends…he is an old acquaintance. I was treated well, a long time ago.”

“You said that you were treated well?”

“Aah, the Demon King at the time wasn’t really a guy who was thinking of trying to destroy the humans. Rather…he was a philosophical person. That’s the reason that I came here.”

Kagami closed his eyes and let out a big sigh, as if remembering the olden days.

Then he slowly opened his eyes and drew nearer to the Demon. He opened his mouth while meeting the Demon’s gaze seriously.

“Is it really the Demon King who gave that order? Did the Demon King say it to you in person?”

The Demon was overwhelmed by Kagami’s seriousness. He wondered, “Why would this man worry about the Demon King giving such an order?”

“Alice said that the Demon King had collapsed because of an illness.”

“…Alice-sama did? Impossible. The Demon King is alive and well!”

“Alice has been running around alone for the Demon King. Since she’s like that, she wouldn’t think of the possibility that you guys are lying. While on the subject, I don’t think that she believes that the Demon King would destroy humans either.”

The Demon realized that Kagami’s bloodthirst earlier was not because Kagami had come to try to kill him.

He honestly believed that the Demon King wasn’t someone who would do such a thing, so he was confirming whether or not his trust had been betrayed. The fear the Demon had felt from Kagami’s earlier bloodthirst was slightly eased by this realization.





Such Things, What Value Do They Have? – Part 15


“You said…Demon King-sama is sick?”

When his fear subsided, he remembered meeting the Demon King in person at the Demon King’s Castle before he came here. The safety of the Demon King took precedence over anything else, but the Demon King within his memories had, without a doubt, been majestically seated upon his throne.

There wasn’t anything particularly strange in what he remembered, though he might have been wrong about it. Like always, the Demon King had been seated on his throne in the deepest part of the huge palace. The one who called himself the General of the Demon King’s Army and also served as the Demon King’s butler, Estelar Urgot, had been on the Demon King’s right side and had given the order to the Demon.

Although he hadn’t thought anything was strange back then, the Demon noticed something was amiss.

“…The one who gave the order to me is not Demon King-sama?”

He placed a hand on his mouth and muttered, despite his worries. Kagami smiled without hesitation when he heard this.

“Hey, isn’t it still too early to decide?”

“I-It is, but wait! Demon King-sama was nearby! We couldn’t have denied that order!?”

“That’s why I said it’s too early to decide. I, too, don’t know what happened. There is the chance that he had a change of heart and is trying to conquer the world, but isn’t it also possible that he is being manipulated by someone?”

“Being manipulated? Impossible! It’s impossible for a gentleman like the Demon King to be manipulated!”

“I only said that it was a possibility. I don’t know if it’s true, but Alice said that the Demon King is sick.”

For the time being, since it was unknown whether the Demon King could issue a command, Kagami’s bloodthirst disappeared and he replied optimistically.

The Demon considered Kagami’s words. If this story was true, Kagami’s existence would become a danger to him. Originally, the purpose of this operation was to let the Adventurers gathered in this town learn of the existence of the Demon King Army. The aim was to overwhelm the Adventurers with the feeling that nowhere was safe so that, in the future, they would be more likely to die. The goal wasn’t to destroy the Adventurers.

If nothing else, it wouldn’t be a big problem if he returned now. The Demon removed his cloak and dispersed the magic in his body while issuing a command.

“Full speed to the Demon King’s Castle! Confirm Demon King-sama’s true intentions…!”

When he issued the command, the flock of Hell Crows all immediately changed their course and headed towards the southwest of Balman.

“No, I won’t let you do that.”

At the same time, Kagami grabbed the head of the Hell Crow he was riding and forcibly moved it towards the other Hell Crows.

When he got close enough, he jumped off of his Hell Crow and grabbed another Hell Crow, throwing it towards the others while in midair. He then landed back on the first Hell Crow, as if he had adjusted it to catch him as he came down.

“Look! Quickly! Heal before I fall! Heal!”

He grabbed the head of the Hell Crow again and moved it towards the two Hell Crows that had changed into gems and gold. He moved both of his arms at a speed that was too fast to be seen and caught everything.

“What are you doing y-you bastard! Aren’t you also worried about Demon King-sama? I have to go and confirm it! Whether or not this operation is truly something Demon King-sama wants!”

“No but…they’re Hell Crows.”

Because they’re Hell Crows? The Demon couldn’t understand at all and he felt like he was crazy when he saw the gloating Villager in front of him.

“T-Then, I’ll let you follow me, you bastard! After you follow me, I’ll let you deal with the Hell Crows as you wish! How about that?”

“No~, well, I absolutely must bring Alice with me.”

“T-Then, it’s fine if you bring Alice-sama along as well! We’ll let Alice-sama ride on one of the Hell Crows that’s falling down right now and head towards the Demon King’s Castle! You shouldn’t have any complaints like this!”

“Well~, won’t they die the moment they land on the ground? There’s a Hero down below, too.”

“In that case, go down separately and bring Alice-sama with you! I’ll wait for you!”

“Calm down!’

Kagami gestured for the screaming Demon to shut his mouth before staring into his eyes seriously.

“There is a possibility that the Demon King is being manipulated and there’s also a possibility that you made a fool out of yourself. If you go and try to confirm it, the Demon King, or rather you, might be put in harm’s way. *Don’t put the cart before the horse. Wouldn’t it be easier to secretly investigate the way to get into the Demon King’s Castle after pretending to be beaten to death by the humans? Besides, I don’t want there to be a weird rumor about me going together with a Demon who was betrayed. In other words, nobody will benefit from us traveling there in the air like this. That’s why I think that defeating all the Hell Crows here would make it a win-win situation. Also, it would be annoying to let all these Hell Crows return to the Demon King’s Castle without turning into gems and gold. Extremely annoying. This is very important. It’s much better to walk there, so I want gold immediately. Do you understand?”

(TN: idiom that means you’ve got your priorities reversed)

“I don’t understand at all.”

As the Demon responded, Kagami jumped onto another Hell Crow. He then jumped onto a third Hell Crow, almost as if he had kicked the previous one, and repeated this action multiple times with lightning speed.

The moment he jumped off of a Hell Crow, it changed into gems and gold. When the last Hell Crow, which the Demon was riding, fell towards the ground, Kagami began to gather the falling gems and gold.

The Demon was stunned and could only watch Kagami. There had not been any time for him to interfere either. The ten Hell Crows had been taken out in ten seconds and his was the only one left.

“B-…Bastard. Good god…no, that was too quick. Stop collecting the gems! You’re carrying too much! At this rate, we will fall down with the Hell Crows!”

“W-…What do you mean by that?”

Sure enough, Kagami was with the Demon and a large amount of gems and gold had been stacked on top of one of the Hell Crows. With a “Gueh!”, the Hell Crow raise a bitter cry and steadily dropped in altitude.

Kagami, who had fallen a bit, beat up the Hell Crows above him. When the last Hell Crow turned into clumps of gold and gems, Kagami and the Demon fell, along with the gems and gold.

“W-Will this save us, even if we fall down? Is that fine!?”

“If it’s from this height, then probably…It might hurt me a little. As for you, it might be really painful.”

“What did…you say?…AaaaaaaAAH!”

Kagami and the Demon fell into the middle of the vast forest that existed southwest of Balman. He crashed into the ground in a straight line, while the Demon fell while being hit by tree branches and leaves.

“W-What are you doing!?”

“Didn’t you burn my clothes? I want to wrap the gems with cloth.”

Kagami placed the cloak he took from the Demon on the ground and began to move the fallen gold and gems onto it. The Demon, who had been hurt by the fall, silently watched him.

“Now that I think about it, I didn’t ask for your name. What is it?”

Kagami asked the Demon, who was leaning against a tree, as he collected the gems.

“Menou・Abebrasham…A descendant of a family that has served Demon King-sama for ages. Demon King-sama…I began to serve him and Alice-sama three years ago.”

“Hee- Then, you are quite young. That reminds me, when I went to the Demon Palace a long time ago, there was a butler-like old man.”

“That would be my grandfather. He passed away three years ago. He had placed his hopes on me, and I was supposed to succeed him.”

Kagami continued gathering gems as he listened to Menou. Despite a Demon being so close, Kagami continued to gather the gems, as if the Demon wasn’t there. Menou felt strange when he saw this.

“You bastard…you won’t kill me?”

“Don’t ask such a question. It just sounds stupid.”

“Sounds stupid…you say?”

If a Demon and a Human were trying to settle matters between themselves, it would be normal for them to try to kill each other. It was strange for the man in front of him to not do that, and his unexpected words made Menou lose his bearings.

“It’s obvious that you will fight if you hate humans and are in a situation where fighting is the only option, but you don’t seem to be that kind of person. More than anything else…aren’t you really worried about Alice and the Demon King right now? Such a nice guy.”

“W-…What an idiot, saying such things. You must have some kind of a relationship with humans!”

“In my opinion, those humans are idiots. If there weren’t any Monsters, we would know that. However, because of the Monsters, Humans fear death and oppose Demons. That’s the only reason, right? It’s just Humans and Demons fighting each other. Even though they are similar existences, to fight just because of that…that’s why, I don’t really want to kill Demons.”

Menou was shocked for a moment by these unexpected words but, for some reason, he was immediately convinced. Kagami’s credibility was also enhanced by the fact that, despite this situation where Menou couldn’t do anything, he continued to gather the gems without harming Menou.

“Well, I’ve gathered the gems and gold now. I’ll go home and say that I’ve defeated all of them. I’ll bring Alice here around noon tomorrow, so let’s go to the Demon King’s Castle together at that time. I had only planned to send Alice there but I also want to go and see what condition the Demon King is in.”

“Why do we need to go together? Won’t there be a higher risk of being hunted down by the humans?”

“But isn’t it dangerous for you to try to go back by yourself from here? Besides, even if you go back, it’s dangerous. Won’t it be more reassuring for Alice if you’re with us? You don’t have to worry, since I will protect her.”

Menou was dumbfounded. After seeing Menou’s expression, Kagami said, “Well, see ya tomorrow,” and left. He was carrying the gems and gold wrapped in the Demon’s cloak on his back.

“Demon King-sama and Alice-sama are friends with a human?……………Hmph.”

Menou imagined it and snorted while thinking, “There are also these types of humans.” Although it was very slightly, he accepted Kagami.

He suddenly looked up into the night sky and saw the full moon. His mood became brighter and he calmed down as he heard the night wind blowing through the starry sky.

He had attacked and was defeated. He had not been victorious but being comforted had filled his heart with wonder.





